From Bookstore to Cultural Centre
This is Blackhurst Cultural Centre — The People's Residence
Volunteers moving books from 746 to 777 Bathurst Street. Photo credit, Toronto Star. Check out the article about our move here!

Our Story
You know that you have a special place in a community’s heart when people show up in large numbers early in the day, to move you from one location to another. This not only captured our imagination, but the imagination of the city. This is the gift Torontonians gave to Blackhurst Cultural Centre (BCC) on February 4th, 2017, as they moved us from the former Mirvish Village to our temporary location across the street at 777 Bathurst Street.

While we pride ourselves that BCC is an iconic destination here in Toronto, we are most proud of the work behind the scenes to foster youth leadership, document a neighborhood’s history, promote community well-being and launch innovation.

Blackhurst Cultural Centre (BCC) – The People’s Residence was incorporated in 2015. It is a non-profit hub and destination that provides opportunities to experience the rich culture and history of Canadians of African and Caribbean ancestry. Located in Toronto’s iconic Bathurst-Bloor neighbourhood, BCC engages the public to learn about these proud stories using literature, music, drama, dance and visual arts. We invite everyone to join us on this journey of discovery, inspiration and celebration. LEGACY LIVES HERE!

The story continues...
Join us on our social media as we continue to write our names in the pages of Canadian history and legacy.

The Board and staff of Blackhurst Cultural Centre acknowledge the original caretakers and storytellers of this land – the Mississaugas of the Credit, the Anishinaabeg, the Chippewa, the Haudenosaunee, the Métis, and the Wendat First Nations. We thank these mighty nations for allowing us to build our families, homes and dreams in this land. We pledge to walk hand in hand with them as we journey on the road to self-determination. Meegwetch.

We want to give a huge shout out to our members and so many of you that participate in and support our programs, events and activities. Thank you.

Support BCC
Stay in the loop!
Signup for our newsletter for the beat of black culture.

Email
Subscribe
Blackhurst Cultural Centre
The People’s Residence

777-779 Bathurst Street

Toronto, Canada

M5S 0B7

416.901.7720 | info@blackhurstcc.org


Wall 5


Copyright 2023 — Blackhurst Cultural Centre, created By Anthony Berot
Scroll to Top
