Science as Creole: A Case Against Incommensurability
by
Jean-Jacques Rousseau
A thesis submitted in conformity with the requirements
for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy
Institute for the History and Philosophy of Science and Technology
University of Toronto
© Copyright by Jean-Jacques Rousseau, 2015
2
Science as Creole: A Case Against Incommensurability
Jean-Jacques Rousseau
A thesis submitted in conformity with the requirements
for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy
Institute for the History and Philosophy of Science and Technology
University of Toronto
2015
Abstract
The incommensurability thesis (IT) is the claim that historically related theories
cannot be fully translated into each other. IT shows how a scientific theory can
be different from its predecessor in a way deemed revolutionary. This
dissertation, in contrast, argues that IT reflects the development of science only
from the perspective of the observer looking from afar. IT does not engage with
science as a participant-driven activity. Analysts like philosophers can never
directly engage science but can approximate the scientist perspective by
peering over the shoulders of participants through detailed historical case
studies. Zooming in this way, one can see IT dissolve. The discontinuity IT 
3
modeled is now a consequence of rather than a break from the continuity of
scientific work. The dissertation introduces the notion of science as creole to
reconcile the observer and participant perspectives. This results in a need to
abandon the influential historiography of Thomas Kuhn and begin the search for
an alternative. The dissertation also considers implications outside of science
studies and argues that practical endeavours like business innovation studies can
no longer take guidance from Kuhn. They should be redirected.
Chapter 1 traces the history of IT, outlining three periods of Kuhn’s
thought that saw it move from a consequence of the notion of paradigm to his
core concern. Chapter 2 considers reactions to Kuhn’s ideas, both friendly and
hostile, that result in two key charges: IT is either self-conflicted or it is irrelevant
to how science develops. The chapter also identifies a key gap in the literature,
namely that both Kuhn and his interlocutors fail to discover the confusion that IT
treats a past stage of one’s language and a foreign language as equivalently
different from current speech. Chapter 3 advances the notion of the
development of science as creole formation. Creoles show how to reconcile the
dialectic of continuity and discontinuity that alone can fuel progress. Chapter 4
shows how the notion science as creole can lead to a more actionable
philosophy of science that provides a firmer intellectual basis for business
innovation policy and practices. 
4
Table of Contents
Introduction ……………………………………………………….……. 5
The Story of the Incommensurability Thesis …………………………. 15
A Case Against the Thesis ………………………………………………. 61
Science as Creole ………………………………………………………… 96
Implications for Decision-Making ………………………………………. 135
Conclusion ………………………………………………………………… 152
Bibliography ………………………………………………………………. 155
5
Introduction
The Incommensurability Thesis
Incommensurability is the cornerstone of what Michael Friedman calls “our best
current historiography of science”1
. It offers an influential theory of the genesis
and development of theories that goes against the grain of an older
historiography still found in most scientific textbook accounts. From these we
learn that Newtonian mechanics is a special case of the more powerful relativity
theory; mechanics is relativity at low velocities compared to the speed of light.
This approach interprets relativity as a series of piecemeal additions and
revisions to mechanics that retains empirical adequacy for low velocity situations
and then expands to also capture higher velocity situations. Incommensurability
proposes a different perspective. Like the scientific textbook approach to
scientific change, incommensurability interprets a theory and its successor as a
pair that shares some empirical content. However, unlike textbook accounts the
incommensurability thesis (IT) emphasizes the untranslatability within the pair.
Where scientific textbooks emphasize the continuity in the development of
science, IT proposes a wholesale replacement of inter-defined core terms of a

1 M. Friedman, Dynamics of Reason, 47.
6
theory with inter-defined terms of its successor. On this model, the development
of science is punctuated by breaks. According to IT co-founder Paul Feyerabend
this is because a theory is “a general point of view” that cannot be reduced to its
predecessor2
. When a successor theory appears to be reduced to its
predecessor, in a science textbook for example, it conceals the fact that this is
only possible because its core terms are re-interpreted and ascribed meanings
foreign to the initial theory. Historian Peter Barker labeled this, “the silent
amendment of meaning that makes historical sources hard to understand”3
. On
the apparent reduction of special relativity to mechanics, the other IT co-founder
Thomas Kuhn thought that this simply shows why “Newton’s laws ever seemed
to work”4
. Kuhn further argued that, although relativity statements can be
reduced to Newtonian statements by restricting velocity, Newtonian statements
cannot be derived from relativity. One reason is that, insofar as “Newtonian

2 P.K. Feyerabend, “Explanation, Reduction and Empiricism”, 45.
3 P. Barker, “Incommensurability and Conceptual Change During the Copernican
Revolution”, in Incommensurability and Related Matters. 243.
4 T.S. Kuhn, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, 102.
7
mass is conserved; Einsteinian mass is convertible with energy” 5
. Kuhn’s
articulation emerged as the most influential. As Ian Hacking tells us,
“Feyerabend dropped the topic, whereas it preoccupied Kuhn until his last
days”6
.
IT as untranslatability was advanced exactly to incorporate the
phenomenon of shifts in the meaning of core terms like ‘mass’ into a more
defensible philosophy of science. It took the position that an adequate
understanding of science must account for its development, and that this
development reveals breaks that result from wholesale changes in the interrelated core terms of a theory. Controversially, IT implies that the transition from
mechanics to relativity resulted in scientists living and working in a different world
than the one before the transition. This is premised on a distinction between
‘normal’ and ‘revolutionary’ change. Kuhn explains: “In normal change, one
simply revises or adds […] In revolutionary change one must either live in
incoherence or else revise a number of interrelated generalizations together”7
.

5 T.S. Kuhn, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, 102.
6 I. Hacking, “Introductory Essay”. The Structure of Scientific Revolutions. xxx.
7 T.S. Kuhn, “What Are Scientific Revolutions”, in The Road Since Structure, 29.
8
The move from Aristotle’s finite spherical universe to Newton’s infinite universe is
another example of wholesale change. Under both systems, a stone thrown
upwards falls back. They are only different in their explanations for why
unsupported stones fall. Aristotelian notions of substance and motion make it
quasi-tautological that stones fall. Without a universal center, Newton offers a
different explanation related to local centers of attraction. According to IT,
wholesale change is an all or nothing affair. The world cannot both have a center
and not have one, just like mass cannot be both a constant and velocity
dependent. Trying to choose between such alternatives through point-by-point
comparison is a dead end. I see a book and my cat, which is longer? I can take a
ruler, measure and then compare the results. Theories related through normal or
piecemeal change can be compared this way, they are translatable. Theories
related by wholesale or revolutionary change cannot be compared this way.
They are untranslatable for lack of a ‘ruler’. Critics of IT point out that without
this ability to compare, the choice between competing theories cannot be
rational and a succession of such choices cannot be called progress.
A Case Against Incommensurability
Even those who believe IT is part of the best theory of scientific change
available see a need for reform. For example Friedman calls for the replacement
of “Kuhn’s twofold distinction between normal and revolutionary science with a 
9
threefold distinction”8
. The details of his proposal matter less than the reason for
it. Friedman points to the need to address the challenge the Kuhnian theory
poses to the rationality of science. This dissertation aims at an understanding of
scientific change that also side steps the issues with IT.
Consider a science over time as a continuous process of theory change in
a given domain. Suppose we take two snapshots of that process far enough
apart in time. Each snapshot is a reconstruction that consists of a set of
propositions. Each carve out clusters we can consider a stage in a continuous
process. If we take a snapshot of mechanics at Cavendish labs in 1890 and
another in 1930 and compare them, Feyerabend and Kuhn are correct that the
two are incommensurable. By this is meant that their side-by-side comparison
results in fundamental mismatch. At this “bird’s eye” level of analysis, snapshots
appear as though endpoints of a process. Clearly, the endpoints can only be
arbitrarily chosen, snapshots being related to history in the way that composition
has been called frozen improvisation9
.

8 M. Friedman, Dynamics of Reason, 44.
9 The idea of composition as frozen improvisation is attributed to Igor Stravinsky. See M.
Heffley, Northern Sun, Southern Moon: Europe’s Reinvention of Jazz. 319 n. 70. 
10
It is well understood that photographs and compositions are limited in
their abilities to capture a dance or musical performance. Similarly, snapshots
from the history of science are limited. We wouldn’t want to confuse snapshots
for the lived experience of scientists any more than we would an image for its
subject. Limitations are not merely due to gaps in the historical record and to
the imprecision of our tools of analysis. The object of our study itself also
imposes limits, and these are the ones with which this dissertation will engage.
These are flux in key terms and concepts over time and fuzziness in their
meanings at a point in time.
In terms of flux, they are the shifts of meaning that are captured in the
comparison of snapshots. This was the focus of Feyerabend, Kuhn and other
interlocutors in the IT debate. This flux results in gaps that can be narrowed by
way of the higher resolution case studies. As the interval between the two
snapshots diminishes, the gap between core-term-clusters correspondingly
narrows. At the limit, snapshots overlap and incommensurability dissolves
because the well-defined reconstructions that formed endpoints are virtually
indistinguishable.
In terms of fuzziness, it is a property of beliefs and practices at a point in
time. This is also a limit imposed by the object of our study. The concepts that 
11
make up theories are fuzzy objects and the mixed practice of scientists is a
constant challenge to frictionless communications. These cause difficulties such
as the reproducibility of experiments.
To summarize, snapshots are indispensible tools for the study of science.
However, it is important to appreciate their limitations as reconstructions. Flux
and fuzziness are two limits imposed by the object of study itself. I note that
zooming in to dissolve incommensurability due to flux does not return us to the
textbook view of science.
Science as Creole
This dissertation proposes a different understanding of scientific change
based on the model of creole formation that births and grows new languages.
Consider the transformation of the language from the times of Chaucer to today.
Telling this as leaps from one linguistic group to another as IT tells the story of
physics is only a first approximation. It would clearly explain why today’s
speakers require special training to read Chaucer. However, using the IT
approach would make a mystery of the claim that it is English that we are trained
in when taught to read the Tales. This is analogous to the problems IT presents
for rationality and progress. In addition, for the modern speaker, translating from
the Tales is hard but very different work compared to translating from modern 
12
Mandarin. The story of English is that of an unbroken chain of speakers –
including Chaucer – who negotiate internal changes and contact with other
languages all at once. Whatever lack of mutual intelligibility may exist between
Chaucer and us, it emerged from an unbroken chain of custody. When
considered this way, no great catastrophe is upon us. Kuhn did not acknowledge
this as a theoretician of science but tacitly subscribed to it as a historian. Despite
his incessant promotion of IT, he notoriously failed to make use of this concept in
the detailed historical study. The IT does not appear in his two major historical
studies10, including in the one he considered his “best work”11. Under the view
advanced in this dissertation, this is because, for an observer peering over the
shoulder of participants, IT is virtually non-existent. While Kuhn notes that
detailed history reveals revolutions are always ”within the reach of an
exceptionally capable person”12, he does not appear to fully appreciate the
implications of this historian’s view to his philosophical notion of IT.

10 They are The Copernican Revolution (1957) and The Black-Body Theory (1978).
11 T. S. Kuhn, Black-Body Theory, 349.
12 T.S. Kuhn, “Afterword” in Black-Body Theory, 354.
13
Implications of Decision-Making
In addition to theoretical concerns, there are practical considerations
related to the influential nature of the Kuhnian view of science for the funding
and commerce of science. It is not sufficient to demonstrate that IT is incoherent
or even enough to offer the alternative of science as creole. As it stands, IT as
untranslatability is the orthodox view of scientific change outside of philosophy.
In a recent paper, management theorists Sarah Kaplan and Keyvan Vakili sift
through 20 years of US carbon nanotubes patents looking for “breakthrough
novel ideas”. From Kuhn they retain that, “shifts in ideas can be detected in
shifts in language”13. In the view of this dissertation, they are drawing lessons
from observer work to formulate recommendations for participants. Given the
incoherence of IT, this is a risky endeavour. It is my strong belief that philosophy
of science should not only do justice to its object of study but it should also be
actionable in the sense of having practical relevance. Therefore, it is important
to consider the implications of science as creole beyond physics and its history.

13 Sarah Kaplan and Keyvan Vakili, “The Double-Edged Sword of Recombination in
Breakthrough Innovation”, 1436.
14
An analysis of science in action rather than as settled work unlocks the fuller
potential of historicist motivations that informed the rich IT debate.
The Structure of the Dissertation
The following list summarizes the questions addressed in the dissertation:
• Chapter 1: What is the incommensurability thesis? Where does it come
from? What was Kuhn’s journey of engagement with these problem(s)?
• Chapter 2: Is IT as untranslatability coherent? What did the critics have
to say? How can we respond to key criticisms? What remains unresolved?
• Chapter 3: What would an alternative to IT look like? What is a creole
and how can it provide a better model for the development of science?
• Chapter 4: What is the link between IT and business innovation? What
practical advice does science as creole have for business innovation?
Grounding real-world decision-making in a more correct understanding of
science is essential to the realization of a more rational culture in which progress
is encouraged. Surely this is a worthy goal to which philosophy of science should
actively contribute. 
15
1.0 The Story of the Incommensurability Thesis
Background
IT as untranslatability is an attempt to get at a real problem faced by historians
and philosophers when looking back at past science. In the transition from one
theory to the next, “even if the same words are in use, their very meaning has
changed”14. Historically related theories that on the surface model the same
phenomena, as the theories of motion of Aristotle, Newton, and Einstein,
“constitute implicit definitions of their terms, and so they comprise different
languages”15. The problem, as Philip Kitcher sees it, is “a situation involving a
special type of referential change, namely change which culminates in a mutual
inability to specify the referents of terms used in presenting the rival position”16.
Peter Galison called this the problem of, “paradigms that pass each other like
ships in the night”17, and Friedman identified it as the site of, “methodological

14 I. Hacking, “Introductory Essay” in Structure, xi.
15 J. Agassi. Popper and His Popular Critics, 33.
16 P. Kitcher, “Theories, Theorists and Theoretical Change”, 522.
17 P. Galison, Image and Logic, 13.
16
stand-off”18. Kuhn himself held “incommensurability has to be an essential
component of any historical, developmental, or evolutionary view of scientific
knowledge”19.
Although there are multiple candidates for the origins of IT, there is
consensus that the thesis takes off about half-century ago, appearing in print in
1962, independently in Kuhn’s work and that of Feyerabend20. Less well-known is
the use of the term that same year in a work on Aristotelian physics by
philosopher Wolfgang Wieland (1933 – 2015)21. Stefano Gattei traces the general
climate in which IT emerged to the influences of Karl Popper on the theoretical
character of observations. He also notes that the later Ludwig Wittgenstein was

18 M. Friedman, Dynamics of Reason, 89.
19 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure”, 91.
20 P.K. Feyerabend, “Explanation, Reduction and Empiricism,” in Scientific Explanation,
Space and Time, ed. H. Feigl and G. Maxwell, Minnesota Studies in the Philosophy of
Science, vol. 3 (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1962), 28-97; T.S. Kuhn, The
Structure of Scientific Revolutions (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1962).
21 P. Hoyningen-Huene. Reconstructing Scientific Revolutions, 207 n57.
17
also influential22. Other thinkers including microbiologist-philosopher Ludwik
Fleck (1896-1961), the philosopher-chemist Michael Polanyi (1891-1976) and
philosopher Norwood R. Hanson (1924-1967) were all key contributors to the
establishment of the ‘new philosophy of science’.23
Eric Oberheim identifies another tributary line from conversations
between Feyerabend and Elizabeth Anscombe on logical positivism around 1950
where the term ‘incommensurable’ was used24. Specifically, Oberheim argues
that Feyerabend found the idea that “some pairs of successive scientific theories
are logically inconsistent” in Popper, who in turn credited Pierre Duhem25. To
follow a concrete example: Georg W.F. Hegel argued that one could derive Isaac
Newton’s planetary laws from Johannes Kepler’s. As Oberheim reports, William
Whewell disputed this point by invoking an early version of incommensurability.
In his own words, Whewell held that, “though Kepler detected with great
acuteness the Numerical Laws of the solar system, he laboured in vain to

22 S. Gattei. Thomas Kuhn’s “Linguistic Turn” and the Legacy of Logical Empiricism. 18.
23 L. Fleck, M. Polayni, N.R. Hanson
24 E. Oberheim, “On the Historical Origins”, 381.
25 E. Oberheim, “On the Historical Origins”, 368.
18
conceive the very simplest of the Laws of Motion by which the paths of the
planets are governed”26. Whewell continues:
The distances and periods of the planets were all so many separate facts;
by Kepler’s Third Law they are connected into a single truth […] The planets
described ellipses round the sun, in the contemplation of others as well as of
Newton; but Newton conceived the deflection from the tangent in these
elliptical motions in a new light – as the effect of a Central Force following a
certain law; and then it was, that such a force was discovered truly to exist27.
If Whewell is correct that the deflection from the tangent is the thing, then
Hegel is wrong that Kepler’s equations could produce Newton’s theory. All this
allows Oberheim to summarize things thus, “Feyerabend (1962), following

26 W. Whewell. Novum Organon Renovatum in Theory of Scientific Method, 108. This is
suspect. Brian Baigrie reminds us that the first edition of Principia refers to Kepler’s laws
as a “hypothesis”. This is confirmed in a letter to Edmond Halley that refers to them as
mere “guesses”. This adds up to Whewell and others making, “a mistake of historic
proportions to suppose that [Kepler’s laws] served as the empirical foundation for
Newton’s system” (B. Baigrie, “Philosophy of Science as Normative Sociology”, 239.)
27 W. Whewell. Theory of Scientific Method. 140.
19
Popper (1957), following Duhem (1906) merely [applied] Whewell’s point [1858] to
Nagel instead of to Hegel”28.
On pre-1962 uses of the term itself, an early and very relevant use is found
in a 1938 translation of a passage from Wolfgang Köhler’s Gerstalen:
In order to orient itself in the company of natural sciences, psychology
must discover connections wherever it can between its own
phenomena and those of other disciplines. If this search fails, then
psychology must recognize that its categories and those of natural
science are incommensurable29. (Emphasis added).
Given the centrality of examples from Gestalt psychology to Kuhn’s formulation
of IT – duck or rabbit, box punched in or out, etc.30 – he is likely to have read
Gerstalen. Indeed, the relevance of Gestalt and its treatment of the relationship
of parts and wholes to philosophy found its way in publications a decade before

28 E. Oberheim, “On the Historical Origins”, 369.
29 W. Köhler, W. (1938). Physical Gestalten. In W. Ellis (Ed.), A source Book of Gestalt
Psychology (pp. 17–54). London: Kegan (First published 1920).
30 T.S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms” in The Essential Tension, 308. 
20
Structure in an exchange between philosophers Edward H. Madden and
Nicholas Rescher31. However, the founding expression of IT is by Feyerabend.
Feyerabend on IT
Paul Feyerabend offered the first systematic exposition of IT. He held that a
theory a theory cannot be reduced to its predecessor without core terms
undergoing a change through the reduction. A theory pair must share empirical
content like Aristotelian impetus and Newtonian momentum do related to
motion. A side-by-side comparison reveals the theories are incommensurable in
the sense that one cannot be expressed using the “primitive descriptive terms”
of the other. Having mv as an identical mathematical form does not help, since
“whereas impetus is supposed to be something that pushes the body along, the

31 The debate centered on whether the analytical view of science can account for the
emergent properties of wholes. See E.H. Madden, “The Philosophy of Science in Gestalt
Theory”, Philosophy of Science Vol. 19, No. 3 (Jul., 1952), 228-238; Nicholas Rescher,
“Mr. Madden on Gestalt Theory”, Philosophy of Science Vol. 20, No. 4 (Oct., 1953), 327-
328; and E.H. Madden, “Science, Philosophy and Gestalt Theory”, Philosophy of Science
Vol. 20, No. 4 (Oct., 1953), 329-331.
21
momentum is the result rather than the cause of its motion”32. While the theories
produce the same measurements in their shared domain, they have different
empirical content outside this domain. In the transition from T0 to T1, T1 does
not incorporate the ontology, formalism, and observational terms of T0. Instead,
T1 represents a wholesale replacement of T0. Here is a reconstruction of
Feyerabend’s original three-step argument33, presented in the form of a modus
tollens:
 Figure 1: Feyerabend's 1962 Argument

32 P.K. Feyerabend, “Explanation, Reduction and Empiricism”, 65.
33 P.K. Feyerabend, “Explanation, Reduction and Empiricism”, 55-57.
22
Commensurable theories are related by deduction ( )
Since T0 is an empirically adequate theory in a sub-set domain of T1, it
can be obtained as a special case of T1 via logical deduction; T0 and T1
are commensurable. By definition, the logical deduction only holds if
the meaning of the descriptive terms in the overlapping domain of T0
and T1 remain invariant with respect to the deduction.
A precursor theory cannot be deduced from its successor ( )
However, there is no guarantee that when we carry a deduction from
T1 we end up with T0 because the meaning of descriptive terms in the
overlapping domain of T0 and T1 do not remain invariant with respect
to the deduction. Feyerabend actually argues that T0 cannot follow
from T1, because a relation of logical deducibility requires the very
meaning invariance that would prevent T1 from being an interesting
and fruitful successor to T0. Instead, the deduction will produce T ’0, a
theory experimentally indistinguishable from but incommensurable
with T0.
T1 and T0 are not commensurable ( )
According to this view, science analysts have been unwise to IT
because the historical precursor T0 and the version of it, T’ 0,
reconstructed from its successor T1 cannot be told apart
C → D
¬D
∴¬C
23
experimentally. Kuhn would later adopt this view, holding that
reconstructions may even improve a past theory but don’t help when
“applied to the very next problem faced by the discipline”34. In this
sense, reconstructions lack the fertility of organically grown theories.
Since the historical T0 and reconstructed T’0 cannot be distinguished by
empirical tests they appear to be the same theory when in fact they are not. For
Feyerabend, the traditional view of progress as content accumulation, a view
encouraged by an interpretation of T0 and T’0 as interchangeable, does not hold.
Examples of this sort are everywhere. Feyerabend offers the transition from
Galilean science to the physics of Newton. Galilean free fall is premised on
frictionless inclined planes and penduli. Newtonian free fall requires the earth to
be vacated of air, to not rotate and for distance from the surface to be much less
than the radius of the earth. Put side-by-side, these are incommensurable points
of view, even if they measure the same constant acceleration of falling stones.
So defined, the phenomenon of incommensurability presents a challenge
to philosophy by blurring the line between observational and theoretical terms.
Feyerabend did not intend his discovery to undermine the entire legacy of

34 T.S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 303.
24
logical positivism. Instead, he saw “inner contradictions” in the collected efforts
of the Vienna Circle generation and proposed incommensurability as a means of
rescuing empiricism from these. This is at odds with the more common view that
Feyerabend is an irrationalist, a view promoted by Hillary Putnam35. Feyerabend
himself fought “the doctrine that theories are uniquely determined by the facts36.
He believed that they are much broader and what is at stake is no less than the
future of science as a discovery machine. By recognizing incommensurable
theory pairs, we can stage “crucial experiments between theories which […] give
widely different answers in unexplored domains”37. Imagine putting impetus and
momentum at work on the problem of objects at rest. It comes out as a
discovery in the comparison that momentum interprets a state of rest as a special
case of constant velocity since neither state requires an applied force. This is
how conducting tests with incommensurable pairs can help transcend the
horizons of present knowledge.

35 H. Putnam, Reason, Truth and History, 114.
36 P.K. Feyerabend, “Explanation, Reduction and Empiricism”, 60.
37 P.K. Feyerabend, “Explanation, Reduction and Empiricism”, 72.
25
Before moving away from Feyerabend, there is a story he tells about the
origins of IT. In his autobiography, he recalls a seminar where Niels Bohr made a
parallel between the extension of the number system to include irrationals, and
the development of quantum mechanics38. Whereas his 1962 argument was
about incommensurability as a discontinuity of reference, this notion of Bohr’s is
about lack in common measure. Both of these ideas found their way into the
core of Kuhn’s versions of IT, exhibiting mutual reinforcement and tensions.
The Kuhnian Intervention
Feyerabend’s was a systematic exposition, grounded in the philosophies
of physics and language. However, it was Kuhn’s “simple and compelling
idea”39, introduced in a book written by “a man who was not, at that time, a
philosopher” 40 that attracted the most attention. Indeed, Kuhn was under the
spell of the big idea of incommensurability his whole professional life. He
sometimes expressed his belief in the central role IT must play in any theory of
scientific change with the slogan: “shifts happen”. Indeed, IT formed the

38 P. Feyerabend, Killing Time, 78.
39 P. Kitcher, “Implications of Incommensurability”, 694.
40 A. Bird, “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions and its Significance”, 860.
26
cornerstone of his very influential views on scientific revolutions as leaps that
connect otherwise ‘normal’ periods of scientific developments. In a mid-career
reflection, Kuhn provides a very condensed outline of his meta-historical views:
The wrenching experience of entering into an older mode of thought
is the source of my references to gestalt switches and revolutions;
difficulties in translating the discoverer’s language into our own are
what led me to write also of incommensurability; and paradigms were
the concrete examples needed – since definition in words was
impossible – to acquire the language of the older mode41.
The reference is always to his 1962 magnum opus Structure, a text “on
scientific revolutions itself precipitated an intellectual revolution”42. The
revolution was largely due to the seriousness with which Kuhn recommended IT
as the lens through which to understand science as a historical phenomenon.
There was early opposition. When addressing IT, Karl Popper was blunt: “two
theories are not ‘incommensurable’, to use a now fashionable term, introduced

41 T.S. Kuhn, Black Body Theory, 363.
42 G. Gutting, What Philosophers Know, 151.
27
in this context by Thomas Kuhn”43. As Putnam thought of Feyerabend, Popper
thought Kuhn denied the progressive character of science. This is at the level of
polemic. In Structure, Kuhn was open that a combination of personal and
historical accidents is “always a formative ingredient” of science. This is not a
surprising viewpoint from a historian. As such, it isn’t that science is irrational; it
is just that it is not just rational. Observation and experiment are necessary but
do not alone account for the corpus of scientific theories as we find them. The
branching structure of this corpus is the result of the added feature “we shall
come to call their incommensurable ways of seeing the world and of practicing
science in it”44. Kuhn encouraged the view that “men who hold
incommensurable viewpoints be thought of as members of different language
communities and that their communication problems be analyzed as problems of
translation”45. This alerts us to a question: what communication problems can

43 K. R. Popper, “The Myth of the Framework”, 54.
44 T.S. Kuhn, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, 4.
45 T.S. Kuhn, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, 175.
28
result in a situation where “the proponents of competing paradigms practice
their trades in different worlds”46?
The impressionistic style of Structure attracted both friendly and hostile
attention that snowballed into a controversy about rationality and progress in
science47. He meant his notion to be subtle enough that what “emerges from a
scientific revolution is not only incompatible but often actually incommensurable
with that which has gone before”48. Although the term only appears ten times in
the first edition of Structure, in later writings incommensurability becomes a
central problem for Kuhn. This remained so to the end. At a 1982 symposium he
expressed frustration that, “virtually no one has fully faced the difficulties that led
Feyerabend and me to speak of incommensurability”49. In 1993 he shares that
his, “encounter with incommensurability was the first step on the road to
Structure”, and the notion remains its “central innovation”50.

46 T.S. Kuhn, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, 151.
47 H. Sankey, “Scientific Realism and the Semantic Incommensurability Thesis”, 196.
48 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 103.
49 T.S. Kuhn, “Commensurability, Comparability, Communicability”, 34.
50 T.S. Kuhn, “Afterword” in World Change, 315.
29
If the history of science exemplified progress-by-accumulation, the
argument goes51, then historical sources would not be so hard to understand.
Without incommensurability, there should be no fundamental differences
between current and past science. Rather we would recognize past theories as
less sophisticated versions of our own. This is similar to the way the science we
learn in high school gets ‘corrected’ as our education advances. What is most
significant from the perspective of this dissertation is that the core motivation for
incommensurability is premised on an alleged symmetry between going forward
and backwards in time. Kuhn expressed the symmetry like this: “The route I
traveled backward with the aid of texts was, I shall simply assert, nearly enough
the same one that earlier scientists had traveled forward with no text but nature
to guide them”52. This is the thesis that has been debated since 1962 and the
one Kuhn died defending. It is the history of this Kuhnian of notion that will be
the subject the remainder of this chapter.
On Kuhn’s approach, each episode of science is characterized by a
practice distinguishable by inter-defined core terms. It is interesting to note that

51 This is essentially the point of Structure (see Chapter 1).
52 T. S. Kuhn, “What Are Scientific Revolutions?”, 15. My emphasis.
30
Feyerabend is working with a different unit of analysis, focusing on entire
theories rather than term clusters. Kuhn’s inter-defined terms form a bedrock of
“presuppositions”53 that delimit islands of meaning with no clear connections
between themselves. Using his term ‘paradigm’, rationality is then only
meaningful intra-paradigm. However, any credible notion of progress intends a
distinctly inter-paradigmatic character. It is worth noting that the Popperian
approach to science analysis via problem situations does not face this vexing
issue; but by arguing that all failed theories are equally falsified, Popper’s
account of scientific development as successive theory refutations fail to describe
progress altogether. Therefore, the value of IT is that it does have a story to tell
about progress, but its drawback stems from the fact that it speaks of progress in
a way that poses a challenge to rationality.
There are three phases in Kuhn’s thought that impact his views on IT54.
The first phase is associated with formulations of gestalt switches contained in
Structure. At this point IT was a consequence of his views on the emergence and

53 R.G. Collingwood, An Essay on Metaphysics, 21-48.
54 For an alternative periodization of Kuhn’s thought centered on his uses of ‘revolution’,
see S. Toulmin, Human Understanding, 107-108.
31
development of paradigms. The second phase is the view of theories as lexicons
found in papers written circa 1969. It is at this junction that IT takes a central role
in his views of how science develops. The third and last phase is the view of
revolutions as speciation events. Here IT is the leading motivation for his work.
The Structure of Scientific Revolutions
The key text of this first period of Kuhn’s thought on IT is Structure. It
launches all the variants of IT that share translation as a core metaphor. It is
important to quickly note that while incommensurability would turn out to be
important, it was not yet a key idea for Kuhn. It is equally important that
Structure was written by, “a man who was not, at that time, a philosopher” 55. In
Structure IT is characterized by its reliance on Köhler’s Gestalt psychology as
mediated by Wittgenstein’s late writings on perception. Briefly, Gestalt
promotes perception of wholes (which at the time of Structure Kuhn identified
with ‘paradigms’) and Wittgenstein held that, “to imagine a language means to
imagine a life-form”56. Specifically, in Philosophical Investigations, Wittgenstein

55 A. Bird, “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions and its Significance”, 860.
56 L. Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations, I 19.
32
speaks of “two uses of the word ‘see’”57: seeing an object and seeing the
likeness between two objects (i.e., he offers the example of faces). Take the
duck-rabbit. One sees lines on a page but it is only when we “see it as [as a duck
or a rabbit] we interpret it”58. The figure cannot be interpreted as both duck and
rabbit at once, but as only one or the other. While Kuhn references Wittgenstein
in Structure, it appears that he only included the reference at the suggestion of
Stanley Cavell after the manuscript was mostly complete59. Kuhn does credit
Hanson60 and “other colleagues” for the insight that, “[the] history of science
would make better and more coherent sense if one could suppose that scientists

57 L. Wittgenstein. Philosophical Investigations, 165.
58 L. Wittgenstein. Philosophical Investigations, 165.
59 A. Bird, “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions and its Significance”, 869.
60 Hanson uses the ‘bird-antelope’ figure to make the distinction between an
observation statement – about say the number of lines on the page – and the statement
that the figure depicts a bird (or antelope). Significantly, the first statement is falsifiable
in the Popperian sense. As for the second statement, “Its negation does not represent
the same conceptual possibility, for it concerns not an observational detail but the very
pattern which makes those details intelligible”. See N.R. Hanson. Patterns of Discovery
(1958), 87. 
33
occasionally experienced shifts of perception”61, like the shift from duck to
rabbit. Structure also likens the move from one paradigm to another to a
religious conversion.
Figure 2: Wittgenstein's Drawing of the Duck-Rabbit
Therefore, a change in paradigm is a change in worldview (Weltbild). In
Structure Kuhn states that when “two scientific schools disagree about what is a
problem and what a solution, they will inevitably talk past each other when
debating the relative merits of their respective paradigms”62. It is this shift that
Kuhn defines as a scientific revolution. When entering into an older mode of
thought, a historian going back in time encounters difficulties that rehearse
revolutions for historical actors who moved forward in time. Specifically,

61 T.S. Kuhn. Structure, 113.
62 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 109.
34
scientific development is the succession of competing theories embedded in
richer paradigms made up of, “law, theory, application, and instrumentation
together”63. The view that Newtonian mechanics is a special case of the more
powerful theory of relativity is a case in point. Kuhn rejects what was the
common view. Instead he maintains that, “Einstein’s theory can be accepted
only with the recognition that Newton’s was wrong”64. In this sense, Einstein did
not generalize Newtonian principles the way d’Alembert, Gauss, or Hamilton did
with their reformulations of mechanics according to equilibrium, least force, and
least action respectively. Instead, Einstein advanced something new.
In order to understand the notion of incommensurability advanced in
Structure, we need to consider three key metaphors Kuhn offers for IT: irrational
numbers, political revolution, and translation between languages.
The first of these, the mathematical metaphor, was inspired by Bohr from
which incommensurability gets its name.

63 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 10.
64 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 98.
35
Figure 3: Diagonal of a Square
The lengths of the sides of a square and its diagonal are
incommensurable. For Kuhn, science in one period perceives science in another
period as ‘irrational’ in the same way that, from the perspective of the side of a
square of rational length, the non-periodic non-terminating decimal expansion of
the length of the diagonal is irrational65. In this vein, Bertrand Russell warned
against “the common idea that each extension of number [integers, fractions,
real and complex] included the previous sorts as special cases”66. The gap
between rational and irrational numbers, between arithmetic and geometry, can
only be grasped by a logical argument. Greek mathematics offered the
Pythagorean reductio ad absurdum argument that demonstrates that the length
of the diagonal of a square cannot be expressed in terms of the length of its

65 Kuhn, “Commensurability, Comparability, Communicability”, 35.
66 B. Russell, Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy, 63.
1
1
√2
36
sides. Incidentally, it appears that the Pythagorean interest in numbers was
motivated or reinforced by the discovery that musical tones are characterized by
ratios of lengths of strings under tension. It is therefore useful to think that
incommensurable theories, when placed in proximity, produce a kind of
cognitive dissonance.
Figure 4: Method of Exhaustion
The incommensurability of rational and irrational numbers is the reason
one cannot construct a square with an area equal to that of a given circle since
that would require finding a rational value for the ratio of a circle’s circumference
to its diameter. Therefore, to fully articulate achievements made under a
paradigm using the resources of another paradigm is as futile an attempt as that
of ‘squaring a circle’. However, it is significant for Kuhn that incommensurable
quantities can be approximated to any arbitrary degree of precision. By the
‘method of exhaustion’, as the length of sides approach zero, the area of a
polygon approaches that of the circle in which it is inscribed (Figure 4). It is also
clear that the perimeter of the polygon with n sides is incommensurable with the
circumference of the circle in the same way that the length of the side of a square 
37
is incommensurable with the lengths of its diagonals. Kuhn wants to apply the
fact that incommensurable quantities can approximate each other to any degree
of precision to science in general.
Consider the example of classical mechanics and relativity theory as
incommensurable theories. Feyerabend notes that there are many ways in which
“the Newtonian and the relativist can and do converse”, so that, “the relativist
can say that the classical formulae, properly interpreted (i.e. interpreted in the
relativistic manner), are successful, but not as successful as the full relativistic
apparatus”67. This is the case, for instance, at low velocities when compared to
the speed of light where the theories collapse into each other because the
Galilean transformation equations disappear. Kuhn argues that this does not
diminish the revolutionary character of Einstein’s achievement but simply shows
why “Newton’s laws ever seemed to work”68. Indeed, although relativity
statements can be reduced to Newtonian statements by restricting to low
velocities relative to light, certainly mechanics cannot be derived from relativity.
A fundamental difference is that insofar as “Newtonian mass is conserved;

67 P.K. Feyerabend, Farewell to Reason, 271.
68 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 102.
38
Einsteinian mass is convertible with energy”69. We are back to Feyerabend’s
point about the logical gap between the actual old theory and its reconstruction
in light of its successor. Although the theories can be closely approximated, they
are without common measure in principle. This is the sense in which the
metaphor of irrational numbers supports Kuhn’s view that communication
between incommensurable paradigms can never be complete, or that translation
between them must remain partial. Newtonian mechanics is incommensurable
with Einsteinian physics.
The second key metaphor Kuhn uses for IT is the political one. As he sees
it: “In both political and scientific development the sense of malfunction that can
lead to crisis is prerequisite to revolution”.70 This analogy highlights the role of
anomalies in motivating the move from one paradigm to the next. Kuhn
believed that just like the failure of the Ancient Regime to address the
aspirations of the French paved the way for political revolution in 1789, a
scientific problem like modeling the spectrum of black body radiation that resists
solution erodes the professional confidence in the standard way of doing things,

69 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 102.
70 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 92.
39
and paves the way for the emergence of another paradigm (i.e., Max Planck’s
quantum theory in this case). Initially, practitioners face the challenge using only
those theories, instrumental practices, and applications offered by the paradigm
since “it is a poor carpenter who blames his tools”71. However, the resistance of
the problem suggests the need to think out of the box; the community begins to
consider that there may be something wrong with their tools. At this stage,
scientists begin to lose faith in their tools and the worldview that favoured them.
These are extraordinary times when, in a manner not seen or tolerated since the
prehistory of the discipline, fundamental tenets are questioned and the value of
past achievements re-evaluated. This is the period of crisis or extraordinary
science that generates competing paradigms, each fighting for the allegiance of
the community. Note that, in these relatively short-lived extraordinary times, IT is
about competition between successive theories and not competition between
contemporary theories. It is useful to summarize a Kuhnian crisis as an analogue
to a political revolution:
• malaise that eventually leads to retooling;
• usually, a state of affairs lasting a long time;

71 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 79.
40
• usually, scientists are aware of this state of affairs;
• the rejection of the embattled paradigm only occurs when an alternative
one is accepted;
• the crisis may be faced by a small community of specialists or by the larger
scientific community, usually in that order.
The paradigms on either side of a revolution are incommensurable.
According to Kuhn, there is no external place from which to judge what
represents better science. If, as Laudan might say, the assessment of the success
of scientific practice at any given time depends on the aims of the scientists
involved, then a Kuhnian shift is a realignment of the aims themselves. As such,
all revolutions contain a certain element of religious purpose – they are never
fully justified, never wholly successful and so require faith that the new regime
will achieve what the previous one could not. This is the metaphor of political
revolution as a choice between different forms of life. As a choice it cannot be
rationally justified. To the extent that deliberation has any part to play in theory
choice, it is more akin to persuasion than to logic. This is what Hacking called
Kuhn’s ‘New-World’ problem72.

72 I. Hacking, “Working in a New World”, 275-310.
41
The third key metaphor for incommensurability is translation. Kuhn spent
the 1958-59 academic year with Willard V.O. Quine at the Centre for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford. At that time, he was working on
Structure while Quine completed the “Translation and Meaning” chapter of
Word and Object73. Both works challenge positivism by emphasizing
indeterminacy of translation. Two decades later, in the Preface to Essential
Tension (1977) Kuhn writes:
I am now persuaded, largely by the work of Quine, that the problems
of incommensurability and partial communication should be treated in
another way. Proponents of different theories (or different paradigms,
in the broader sense of the term) speak different languages –
languages expressing different cognitive commitments, suitable for
different worlds. Their abilities to grasp each other’s viewpoints are

73 D.G. Cedarbaum, “Paradigms”, 203.
42
therefore inevitably limited by the imperfections of the processes of
translation and of reference determination74.
For Kuhn, the question is: how is it that we can speak of revolution and
progress in the same breath given that one cannot use the terms ‘mass classical’
and ‘massrelativistic’ interchangeably and still maintain coherence? More
disturbing, perhaps, is the inductive skepticism encouraged by the thought that
the great Newton was plain wrong. Kuhn’s response is that revolutionary breaks
in science are breaks of a special kind. Fuller calls such a person a,
“revolutionary paradigm spanner”75. Before relativity, mass is velocity invariant
and, after relativity, it is frame dependent76. As such, IT is premised on the view
that the unit of scientific practice (‘paradigm’ or later ‘disciplinary matrix’) is
characterized by central terms, exemplary practices, standard conceptual tools,

74 T.S. Kuhn, “Preface”, in Essential Tension, xxii. On whether Kuhn took the right lesson
from Quine’s work, see S. Fuller, Thomas Kuhn, 180. For the relevance of Quine on
Kuhn’s philosophy, see D.G. Cedarbaum, “Paradigms”, 206.
75 S. Fuller, Thomas Kuhn, 204.
76 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 102. 
43
and evaluation criteria that can and do change. Alexander Bird provides the
following summary of IT circa Structure:
Kuhn is aware that there are differences between different periods in
the history of a science that are not captured by saying that at t, the
community, C, believed p, whereas at t0, their successors, C0, denied p
and held q instead. That is straightforward incompatibility.
Incommensurability goes beyond this in that C and C0 fail in an
important way to be able to see the world from the other’s point of
view77.
This strikes at the heart of contemporary philosophy of science: does
science develop by perfecting its core theories or by replacing them? As
philosopher of art Arthur Danto states the challenge with this problem:
[…] if philosophers disagree, one must first establish what whole it is
to which they are committed, and whether the difference arises within
the same whole or between different wholes. This makes philosophical

77 A. Bird, “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions and its Significance”, 871.
44
criticism treacherous, since disagreements between those who
subscribe to different wholes is not a well-understood matter78.
As it seeks to clarify the matter of ‘inter-paradigmic’ communications, IT
promotes exactly such understanding. It trades on the distinction between the
difference within conceptual schemes and the difference between schemes. The
contention that such a ‘meta-difference’ exists implies a commitment to the
disunity of systems of understanding the world in a way that raises the issue of
whether communications between these ways is possible, and if so, then whether
they are even productive. It also encourages the question of the number of ways
to coherently conceptualizing reality. That is, how many ways are there to
conceptualize reality in a way that is compatible with everything known?
The example of geometry comes to mind. For most of its life, Euclidean
geometry was seen as the bedrock of science. Some searched for parallel
postulate proofs in despair and the great Karl Gauss was made to doubt “the
truth of geometry itself”79. Newton’s physics simply assumes it. Famously,

78 A. Danto, Connections to the World: The Basic Concepts of Philosophy. xvii.
79 Letter from Gauss to Farkas Bolyai, father of Janos Bolyai dated December 17, 1799
and quoted in Richard J. Trudeau, The Non-Euclidean Revolution. 127.
45
Immanuel Kant took Euclidean geometry as a pre-condition to perception. Then
mathematicians discovered consistent ways to formulate geometries with
modified parallel postulates. Polanyi saw in non-Euclidean geometries an
advanced stage of a long process of “the separation of reason and experience”80
that started with Pythagoras and found expression in the works of Copernicus
and Galileo. The impact on Kant’s philosophy was destructive but Newton’s
science was left standing until Einstein and George Lemaître developed a
cosmological theory with non-zero space-time curvature.
Now we know that conceptualizations of reality that take Euclidean
geometry as the only one must be false. Gauss coined “non-Euclidean”81 and
the broader lesson may be that foundationalist outlooks overcommit. We are
reminded of David Hume and older warnings of the Skeptics. The challenge is
that our outlooks must not merely be compatible with everything known, but
they must be so with everything “knowable”82. This is the incommensurability
challenge:

80 M. Polanyi. Personal Knowledge, 9.
81 R.J. Trudeau, The Non-Euclidean Revolution. 157.
82 A. Danto, Connections to the World: The Basic Concepts of Philosophy. 12.
46
• Are there multiple outlooks compatible with everything known and
knowable?
• If yes, what is the relationship between the outlooks?
• Is ‘inter-outlook’ communication possible?
• Would such exchanges be productive?
These resemble questions raised by those readers of Structure who had
the most influence on Kuhn’s continued thinking.
The Linguistic Turn
In a cluster of papers written in 1969 Kuhn takes a “linguistic turn” to respond to
his most ardent critics83. This period saw a de-emphasis of paradigms84 and a

83 The Postscript to the Structure, “Reflection on My Critics” in Criticism and the Growth
of Knowledge, and “Second Thoughts on Paradigms” in Essential Tension were all
written in 1969.
84 In the “Postscript” Kuhn now says that, “Scientific communities can and should be
isolated without any prior recourse to paradigms; the latter can then be discovered by
scrutinizing the behavior of a given community’s members. If this book were being
rewritten, it would therefore open with a discussion of the community structure of
science”. 176.
47
focus on incommensurability as the impossibility of full translation. For example,
in the Postscript to Structure he states that “men who hold incommensurable
viewpoints be thought of as members of different language communities and
that their communication problems be analyzed as problems of translation”85. As
such, “what participants in a communication breakdown can do is recognize each
other as members of different language communities and then become
translators”86. Ever the historian, Kuhn offers this concrete example: “What was
for Einstein an insupportable inconsistency in the old quantum theory, one that
rendered the pursuit of normal science impossible, was for Bohr and others a
difficulty that could be expected to work itself out by normal means”87. The
move from incommensurability between paradigms to incommensurability
between theories signals a narrowing of scope of IT that some commentators88,
following Kuhn89, have called the shift from global to local incommensurability.

85 T.S. Kuhn. Structure, 175.
86 T.S. Kuhn. Structure, 202.
87 T.S. Kuhn. Structure, 185.
88 See S. Gattei p. 110; Sankey?
89 T.S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 294.
48
Specifically, this second phase of Kuhn’s thought is characterized by a collapsing
of IT into semantic incommensurability90. To the extent that this is primarily
about meaning variance, Kuhn appears to rejoin Feyerabend’s earlier arguments.
At this juncture, two theories are incommensurable when there is no “language
into which at least the empirical consequences of both can be translated without
loss or change”91.
The narrowing of incommensurability is widely thought to be a response
to an article by Margaret Masterman92. In a recent publication, K. Brad Wray
writes: “Masterman’s (1970) famous paradigm paper played a crucial role in
helping Kuhn clarify his own understanding of paradigms”93. Also, in an
introduction to the 50th Anniversary edition of Structure, Hacking writes: “In an
often-cited but seldom read essay, Masterman found twenty-one distinct ways in
which Kuhn used the word paradigm”94. In a footnote to his earlier cited

90 S. Gattei. Thomas Kuhn’s “Linguistic Turn”, 101-111.
91 T.S. Kuhn, “Reflections on My Critics”, 266.
92 Margaret Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 59-90.
93 K.B. Wray, “The Future of The Structure of Scientific Revolutions”, 76n6.
94 I. Hacking, “Introductory Essay”, xviii.
49
comments, Hacking observes that “Masterman listed twenty-one senses of the
word paradigm, while Kuhn curiously says twenty-two”95. Indeed, in “Second
Thoughts on Paradigms” Kuhn wrote that Masterman found, “at least twenty-two
different usages”96. Ironically, this observation makes the point that Hacking may
have not re-read the article recently, since Masterman is clear that there are, “not
less than twenty-one different senses”97 of paradigm to be found in Structure.
To set matters straight, here is a brief summary of key points. First,
Masterman is rather taken by Kuhn, calling him “one of the outstanding
philosophers of science of our time”98, and characterized her paper as, “proKuhn aggressiveness”99. To those who think Kuhn’s reflections “opaque”, she
offered that his thinking “reflects the complexity of its material”100 – the material
being science changing. She accepted Kuhn’s notion of normal science as a

95 I. Hacking, “Introductory Essay”, xviii n20.
96 T. S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 294.
97 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 61
98 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 59.
99 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 61.
100 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 60.
50
“crashingly obvious fact”, and threw caution to the wind when trading Popper for
Kuhn by endorsing a new trend “[where] ‘paradigm’ and not ‘hypothesis’ is now
the ‘O.K. word’”101. The turn to Kuhn is no small thing for someone who claimed
to hold that, “Popper first said everything that is true about the philosophy of
science”102 (although she thought he did not always do so “efficiently”).
Masterman in fact blames the bulk of the confusion attributed to the multiple
readings of ‘paradigm’ to “the superficial reader”, her confidence in the utility of
Kuhn’s idea unshaken by the, “not less than twenty-one different senses”103 of
paradigm she finds in Structure. Lest one fixate on the number twenty-one, she
takes it to be, “evident that not all these senses of ‘paradigm’ are inconsistent
with one another: some may even be elucidations of others”104. In her actual
enumeration, many of the items indeed overlap. For example, a paradigm is (1)

101 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 60.
102 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 67.
103 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 61
104 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 65.
51
“a universally recognized scientific achievement”, (6) “a scientific achievement”,
and (11) “a standard illustration”105.
Although many interlocutors continue to speak of paradigms, Kuhn
responded to Masterman’s enthusiastic endorsement by turning his back to what
he now referred to as “paradigm1”106. Instead, he bracketed the sociological
issue of defining scientific communities (“the practitioners of a scientific
specialty”107) and focused instead on the narrower and “more fundamental”108
sense of paradigm – paradigm2 as exemplar. It is useful to note that paradigm2 is
a notion “virtually identical” with the view of the near-forgotten 18th-Century
German philosopher Georg Christoph Lichtenberg, who appears to be the first
to use this term in relation to science109. Here is a sample on his thoughts on the
matter:

105 M. Masterman, “The Nature of a Paradigm”, 61-63.
106 T. S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 297.
107 T. S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 297.
108 T. S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 298.
109 D.G. Cedarbaum, “Paradigms”, 183.
52
I believe that no heuristic lifting-gear is more useful than what I have
called paradigmata. I really don’t see why we should not take
Newton’s optics as a model for a theory of the calcination of metals
[…] even the good mind has to be prodded into seeing something
new; indeed, it is almost only by such means that new things can be
found in a novel manner. If (as Kastner once conjectured) Newton
arrived at the Law of Gravity by way of his interest in light, then that is
a paradigm110.
Stephen Toulmin also traces ‘paradigm’ to Lichtenberg. He notes that it
was introduced at a time when, “the foundations of modern grammatical analysis
were also being laid, and the term found a parallel use in linguistics, to refer to
the standard forms for the conjugation of verbs”111. This is precisely how Kuhn
first introduces the idea in Structure:
In grammar, for example, ‘amo, amas, amat’ is a paradigm because it
displays the pattern to be used in conjugating a large number of other
Latin verbs, e.g., in producing ‘laudo, laudas, laudat.’ In this standard

110 Quoted in Cedarbaum, “Paradigms”, 181.
111 S. Toulmin, Human Understanding Volume 1, 106.
53
application, the paradigm functions by permitting the replication of
examples any one of which could in principle serve to replace it. In a
science, on the other hand, a paradigm is rarely an object for
replication. Instead, like an accepted judicial decision in the common
law, it is an object for further articulation and specification under new
or more stringent conditions.
As a concrete example, Kuhn makes much of the fact that F=ma takes
different forms in the cases of free fall, simple pendulum, and harmonic
oscillators112. He argued that the process of changing patterns of similarity and
difference that allow a child to learn to distinguish geese, ducks, and swans is the
same process that scientists employ when learning to “solve puzzles by modeling
them on previous puzzle-solutions”113 – for example Galileo’s trick of studying
the pendulum with incline planes114.

112 T. S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 313.
113 T.S. Kuhn, “Postscript”, 189.
114 T. S. Kuhn, “Second Thoughts on Paradigms”, in Essential Tension, 313.
54
Figure 5: The Narrowing of Paradigm
At this stage, Kuhn takes the notion of exemplar as the core of what a
paradigm means115. He is now focused on a subset of what a scientific
community shares so as to peel off “issues that require reference to community
structure alone”116 and expose the philosophical core. To the extent that
incommensurability emerges in this period as a key idea about the

115 T.S. Kun, “Postscript” in Structure, 175.
116 T.S. Kun, “Postscript” in Structure, 175.
Paradigm	1	
Disciplinary	Matrix
VALUES					
Consistency,	
simplicity,	
reproducibility	
SHARED	
COMMITMENTS
heuristic	to	
ontological	models	
SYMBOLIC	
GENERALIZATIONS	
F=ma	
EXEMPLARS	
problems,	instruments	 Paradigm2	
55
epistemological consequences of ‘world-change’117, it emerges as the
philosophical core of Kuhn’s thought about the structure of scientific change.
Post-Darwinian Kantianism
From the 1980s until his death in 1996, Kuhn returned again and again to
IT but with a further twist. The linguistic turn circa 1969 was codified in the
language of lexicons and taxonomies, and he now spoke of his position as a
post-Darwinian Kantianism where, “the biological parallel to revolutionary
change is not mutation […] but speciation”118. Here is a full exposition of this
position in his words:
By now it may be clear that the position I’m developing is a sort of
post-Darwinian Kantianism. Like the Kantian categories, the lexicon
supplies preconditions of possible experience. But lexical categories,
unlike their Kantian forebears, can and do change, both with time and
with the passage from one community to another. None of those

117 A. Bird, “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions and its Significance: An Essay Review
of the Fiftieth Anniversary Edition”, in British Journal for the Philosophy of Science 63
(2012), 871.
118 T.S. Kuhn. “The Road Since Structure”, 98.
56
changes, of course, is ever vast. Whether the communities in question
are displaced in time or in conceptual space, their lexical structures
must overlap in major ways, or there could be no bridgeheads
permitting a member of one to acquire the lexicon of the other. Nor,
in the absence of major overlap, would it be possible for the members
of a single community to evaluate proposed new theories when their
acceptance required lexical change119.
This third movement in Kuhn’s approach returns to an earlier insight for
inspiration. In Structure he held that the constraints supplied by nature are less
restrictive than philosophers (specifically positivists at the time) believed. For
example, different combinations of wavelengths can be experienced as one
same colour and the same drawn lines can be perceived as different objects like
duck or rabbit (or a box punched in or popping out, etc.)120. No doubt, there are
some stable relationships between stimuli and sensations but what those are is
difficult to pin down since we rely on sensations to make inferences about
stimuli. It is difficult to imagine a natural being that wouldn’t be subject to this

119 T.S. Kuhn. “The Road Since Structure”, 104.
120 T.S. Kuhn,“Second Thoughts on Paradigms” in The Essential Tension, 308. 
57
constraint. This is precisely the Kantian problem of knowing noumena through
phenomena which he understood to be the situation of all “rational beings”.
Kuhn saw a solution in a post-Darwinian Kantianism where lexical categories as
conditions of possible experience are subject to change as traced by the
historical development of science121. A successor theory can be a speciation
from an earlier one when it is both a historical descendent and incommensurable
with its predecessor.
Figure 6: Incommensurability as Speciation
Philosopher Paul Hoyningen-Huene, one of Kuhn’s last collaborators, suggests
there are two distinct senses of world/nature in Kuhn’s work: scientist’s world as
partly constructed by scientific specialist community agreement and the
“hypothetical fixed world” or “that which remains of a phenomenal world when

121 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure”, 104.
58
all its subject-sided moments have been removed”122. Of course, the allusion is
to Kant’s division of reality as phenomena (experience) and noumena (the ding
an sich). Like Kant, Kuhn holds we can only have access to the phenomenal
world. Unlike Kant, he does not see a one-to-one relationship between the
world-in-itself and the phenomenal world but a one-to-many relationship.
Whereas there is clearly only one noumenal world, paradigms can be understood
as plurality in phenomenal worlds only. Scientists can live in separate
phenomenal specialist worlds. Clearly, this Kuhnian notion makes no progress
on the relationship between what we perceive and the ding an sich; this remains
the mystery that Kant left us. It is controversial whether this neo-Kantian turn
adds any light to Kuhn’s position. For example, try reading this fragment as a
post-Darwinian Kantian: “questions about retinal imprints or about the
consequences of particular laboratory manipulations presuppose a world already
perceptually and conceptually subdivided in a certain way […] they receive
different answers as a result of paradigm shift”123. How does progress result from
incompatible phenomenal descriptions of a noumenal and inaccessible reality?

122 P. Hoyningen-Huene, Reconstructing Scientific Revolution, 33.
123 T. S. Kuhn. Structure, 129.
59
At least one commentator doubts whether Kuhn troubled himself with such
questions. In his review of the 50th anniversary of Structure (2012), Alexander Bird
cautions against the Kantian reading: “I suspect that Kuhn was himself influenced
by Hoyningen-Huene’s giving his earlier thought a (particular species of)
philosophical sophistication that it did not really have”124.
Figure 7: Evolution of Kuhnian Incommensurability
This chapter established IT as untranslatability. It traced the history of the
incommensurability thesis. It paid special attention to Feyerabend as IT cofounder and reconstructed his early argument that a theory cannot be reduced

124 A. Bird, “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions and its Significance: An Essay Review
of the Fiftieth Anniversary Edition”, 869. In 2012, P. Hoyningen-Huene cites Kuhn’s
November 1984 unpublished Thalheimer Lectures to refute Bird’s claim [accessed
September 3, 2015]. Available fro: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCp8MMT-pjU
Incommensurability1	
Paradigm1	
DuckRabbit	
Paradigm2	
Linguistic	
Turn	
Darwinian	
Kantianism	
60
to it predecessor without also changing its core descriptive terms. This was
followed with an exposition of Kuhn’s views divided into three stages: the
formulations in Structure influenced by gestalt psychology, the linguistic turn
circa 1969 and then the post-Darwinian Kantianism of the last decade of his life.
Over these phases, IT becomes Kuhn’s central preoccupation and the rest of the
dissertation engages with IT through his writings and that of his interlocutors.
61
2.0 A Case Against the Thesis
Background
In Structure Kuhn claims that scientists who experience a revolution live in a
different world then the one where they began. Hacking notes that, “the gestalt
switch is something that happens to the individual historian. The science itself is
a property of the community”125. This is a fair point that can be further
developed by recalling a distinction drawn by Feyerabend.
In Against Method, Feyerabend distinguishes between observer and
participant questions: “Observers want to know what is going on, participants
what to do”, and elaborated: “the critics of a practice take an observer’s position
with respect to it but remain participants of the practice that provides them with
their objections”126. This seeds a potentially penetrating analysis of the IT
debate. The crucial difference is not between individual and community as
Hacking saw it. After all, a community of historians could agree they experience
gestalt qua historians. Feyerabend alerts us to a more fundamental difference
between observers looking back and participants looking forward. What is more,

125 I. Hacking, “Working in a New World” in World Changes, 276.
126 P. Feyerabend. Against Method, 220.
62
the IT debate is complicated by being a second order participant perspective:
philosophers observe participants in science but participate in debates about the
observations (of these participants). This suggests there may be different
evaluative criteria for the practices of observers and that of participants.
Neither Feyerabend, nor the canonical interlocutors on IT made much of
the observer/participant distinction. A recent paper127 by Ipek Demir refers to
the distinction but makes no mention of Feyerabend. From the perspective of
this dissertation, this distinction matters because it helps clarify why observeranalysts see incommensurability where participant-scientists engaged in the
practice do not. In this way Feyerabend acknowledges the temporal
characteristic of science but alerts us to the relevance of directionality of
perspective as well. He is at odds with Kuhn’s assertion that historians studying
old science and scientists facing choices between competing theories are in a
symmetric relation. An encounter with IT is only possible precisely when
observers leave participants behind and get mired in second-order debates.

127 I. Demir, “Incommensurabilities in the work of Thomas Kuhn” in Studies in History and
Philosophy of Science 39 (2008) 133–142.
63
Figure 8: Feyerabend's Observer/Participant Distinction
In this chapter we consider the emergence of Kuhn the philosopher as he
responds to both friendly and hostile interlocutors. The upshot of these
exchanges is a double charge (incommensurability is either self-conflicted or it is
irrelevant to how science develops), and the discovery that over 50 years of
debate left untouched the key assumption of revolution-as-translation shared by
the disputants.
Internal Tensions
There are tensions between the metaphors that Kuhn employed to discuss
IT. He offered irrational numbers, political revolutions and translation as key
metaphors for understanding the consequences of revolution in science. These
do not always play well together. For instance, the mathematical metaphor
suggests a comparison between schemes of arbitrary precision that the political
Observer	
analyst	(philosopher,	hstorian,	
sociologist,	etc.)	
going	backwards	in	time	
concerned	with	the	meaning	of	theories	
semantic	
map	
Participant	
scientist	
going	forward	in	time	
concerned	with	evaluation	criteria	to	
choose	between	competing	theories	
epistemic	
map-making	
64
metaphor does not support. Also, wholesale overthrow of one approach for
another proposed by the political metaphor has no analogue in the context of
translation. These metaphors each illuminate some aspect of moving from one
developmental stage of science to another but jointly they appear ad hoc. That
is, they offer no chance at a unifying perspective. Even looked at separately the
metaphors stand in the way. Let us look at each in turn.
Figure 9: Metaphors In Tension
The Mathematical Metaphor – Consider Bohr’s parallel between the
extension of the number system to include irrationals and the transition from
classical to quantum mechanics. As Peter Barker puts it, “there must be some
connection between the two structures. Newtonian astronomy is
incommensurable with Ptolemaic astronomy, but not with Galenic medicine.
No	point-by-point	
comparison	between	
compe+ng	theories	
1:√2	
Cannot	formulate	a	
theory	in	terms	of	
the	other		
Poli2cal	Revolu2on	
Evalua+ve	criteria	
change	from	one	
theory	to	another	
Transla2on	
Complete	meaning	
transfer	is	not	
possible
65
They are just two different fields”128. One can identify two criteria here: IT applies
to incompatible theories that are genetically related. Their incompatibility makes
them distinct and their genetic relationship allows the theories to approximate
each other, allowing for partial communication. So far, the mathematical
metaphor is illuminating.
However, it only feigns rigor. The understanding that the root of x2 – 2 = 0
brings to a model of scientific growth is not obvious. It is one thing to
demonstrate that the length of the diagonal of a square is incommensurable with
a unit length, but quite a different thing to argue that Newtonian mechanics is
incommensurable with relativity. As Hacking notes, when philosophers speak of
incommensurability “they are thinking of scientific theories, but of course there
can be no exact measure for that purpose”129. In a similar vein, Sankey and
Hoyningen-Huene caution that the “application of the mathematical concept to
the case of alternative scientific theories is an extension of the concept that
leaves considerable scope for alternative interpretations”130. To speak of

128 P. Barker, “The Copernican Revolution”, 250.
129 I. Hacking, Representing and Intervening, 67.
130 H. Sankey and P. Hoyningen-Huene, Incommensurability and Related Matters, viii.
66
incommensurable theories in these terms is to be in the grip of what
mathematician Gian-Carlo Rota calls the “myth of precision”, an instance of the
more general problem of “slavish imitation of mathematics” he sees in
contemporary philosophy131.
The political metaphor – incommensurability as revolution – can also lead
astray. The history of political revolutions does not assign the clear role to
specific failure that Kuhn requires. Rather than initiating a big change, the
French revolution may have simply accelerated changes already underway132. In
addition to uncertain causes, political revolutions have uncertain effects. The
early proponents of the French Revolution could not predict the many false starts
of the Republic – there have been five to date. Similarly, proponents of
epistemic dislocations in science cannot predict the trajectories that their ideas
will follow. Toulmin describes the problem for the proponent of a new position
thus: “At points of transition between self-contained systems, he will be forced to

131 G. Rota, “The Pernicious Influence of Mathematics upon Philosophy”, 167.
132 I. Wallerstein, The Modern World-System III: The Second Era of Great Expansion of
the Capitalist World-Economy, 1730s – 1840s (Berkley: University of California Press,
2011), 40.
67
suspend all questions about justification and rationality”133. While rationality is
only meaningful intra-paradigm, prevailing notions of progress exhibit a distinctly
inter-paradigmic character. This is the incommensurability challenge to
rationality, truth and progress. Spelt out further, the incommensurability
challenge is this: without ahistorical standards of justification the choice between
competing paradigms cannot be rational, what amounts to random groping can
only accidentally lead to truth and a succession of random choices cannot be
called progress. So impressed were some with this analysis that they welcomed
it as a “release from pre-Kuhnian orthodoxy”134. Others were not so impressed.
Irme Lakatos, for example, famously equated IT with “the political credo of
contemporary political maniacs (‘student revolutionaries’)”135 – that is, the credo
that “might makes right”. One need not be so accusatory. With no apparent
malice, Richard Boyd states that “Kuhn’s work has made it clear that the
establishment of a fundamentally new theoretical perspective is a matter of

133 S. Toulmin. Human Understanding, Volume I, 83.
134 B. Latour and S. Woolgar, Laboratory Life, 276.
135 I. Lakatos, “Falsification”, 21.
68
persuasion, recruitment, and indoctrination”136. The problem is clear when one
considers the natural tensions between logic and rhetoric137. Barry Barnes and
David Bloor remark that it is “a convention of academic discourse that might is
not right”138 and, therefore, Lakatos’ charge amounts to ruling IT in contravention
with ‘the rules of the game’, academically speaking anyway.
To say quantum mechanics is a response to a crisis sparked by the late 19th
century struggle to reconcile radiation thermodynamics and the atomic
hypothesis is just one plausible shorthand narrative. If quantum theory was
sparked by a crisis at all, Kuhn’s historical work makes its character nuanced to
say the least. Specifically, Planck focused on the problem of black body radiation
as the determination of the form of the distribution function in Kirchhoff’s
formulation of the intensity of blackbody radiation over all wavelengths at
constant temperature. This is the standard story that ends with Planck being
pushed to the “desperate” measure to reject the principle of equipartition of
energy in favour of quantization of energy. However, Kuhn argues that it is

136 R. Boyd, “Metaphor and Theory Change”, 486.
137 Thrasymachus on justice as “the advantage of the stronger”, see Republic 338d.
138 Barnes and Bloor, “Relativism, Rationalism and the Sociology of Knowledge”, 20.
69
Einstein who, in three statistical papers between 1902 and 1904 pursued, “a
program so nearly independent of Planck’s that it would almost certainly have
led to the black-body law even if Planck had never lived”139. This challenges
Kuhn’s notion of crisis-propelled science and rejoins another narrative that
attributes the fulfillment of the promise of Planck’s quantum to Einstein’s
photoelectric paper of 1905. Therefore, ideas suggested by the political
metaphor such as the re-grounding of legitimacy by the new regime, the
compartmentalization of normal and revolutionary times, and the central role of
crisis in transitioning from one to the other, all present as potential dis-analogies
in the case of science.
The Translation Metaphor – As Kuhn puts it: “proponents of different
theories are, I have claimed, like native speakers of different languages”140. As
such, comparing theories from different historical periods is like comparing – or
translating – texts written in different languages. To the extent that some parts
of a text cannot be translated into the other’s language, we have a revolution

139 T. S. Kuhn, Black Body Theory, 171.
140 T.S. Kuhn, “Objectivity, Value Judgment, and Theory Choice” in Essential Tension,
338.
70
moving from the earlier to later theory. This metaphor is at war with itself on
several points. First and fundamentally, revolutions are processes over time.
While translations strictly speaking happen in time, the comparison of a
statement and its translation (i.e., ‘it is raining’ and ‘es regnet’) happens at a
point in time. Kuhnian incommensurability as incomplete translation applies a
synchronic procedure to a diachronic process. This is allowable from an observer
perspective, but this also reveals the limitation of that perspective. It is limited to
the treatment of science as a collection of reconstructions of stages of a
continuous process as though it were in fact characterized by stable core
vocabularies and interpretations. Comparing the reconstructed snapshots
suggests the gestalt switches. These are artifacts of the observer perspective
rather than resident in the experience of participants being studied.
Let expand on the idea of snapshots. The historian looking at past
science is an observer-analyst in the business of taking snapshots of a continuous
process. When comparing a pair, she may notice that its components do not
align fully in the sense that core terms of one snapshot cannot be put in one-toone correspondence with core terms of the other. This is due to the meaning
variance between descriptive terms Feyerabend thought we should expect when
one theory is an interesting and fruitful successor of an earlier one. I will refer to
such changes in meaning over time as ‘flux’. It is flux that accounts for the 
71
discontinuities that Kuhn saw as untranslatability. However, there is another
source of conceptual diversity in science. At any given point in time, there are
competing conceptualizations of the core descriptive terms of a field due to
‘fuzziness’ in the object itself. This conceptual diversity is an indispensable part
of scientific practice, placing limits on the analysis of science but also acting as a
source of novel ideas as communities wrestle to clarify their practice. The
intensive debate on the electrodynamics of moving bodies in the last third of the
19th century is an example of the role fuzziness plays in maintaining conceptual
diversity. This is especially evident in the various conceptions of the electron as
carrier of electric current, from a singularity in the ether to a particle. The issue of
untranslatability goes away when snapshots are taken closer together. As their
interval tends to zero, IT in its strong form dissolves. For example, instead of
comparing Einstein with Newton, let us compare his with Henri Poincaré. At this
interval, special relativity “no longer appears as a singular, isolated attempt.
Most components of this theory are found in contemporary literature”141.
Another way in which the metaphor is at war with itself is that, narrowly
defined, translation is a process of meaning transfer from a source language to a

141 O. Darrigol, Electrodynamics from Ampère to Einstein, 393.
72
target language. The exercise is premised on the expectation that both
languages are fully formed and stable enough to carry out the meaning transfer
operation. When transposed unto the realm of scientific practice, the implication
is that the relevant unit of analysis (inter-defined core terms, theory, paradigm) is
also fully formed and stable. However, this cannot be the case due to an
asymmetry. While we can translate Chaucer into Elizabethan English, Chaucer
could not have done so because Elizabethan English, yet to be formed, was not
available to him. Similarly, participant-scientists in the grips of a theory do not
have a fully formed successor to carry out the point-by-point comparison that
future philosophers may choose to make. Again, only an observer-analyst can
carry out the point-by-point comparison procedure so the failure of the
procedure is only a problem for her as she attempts the recovery of past
practice. Invariably, by virtue of being an observer looking back, she like Kuhn is
left comparing the reconstructed theories that never existed in the stable form
she requires.
The move from Newtonian to Maxwellian or later to relativistic science is
exactly not like translation; it is not a move between two known quantities but 
73
rather a move from the, “familiar to what was initially alien”142. In this way, at
least the post-revolutionary practice cannot be a fully formed practice.
In summary, while the irrational number, political revolution and
translation metaphors may be mutually reinforcing in suggesting how
discontinuity may propel development, it is not clear how they could be
reconciled into a coherent model of scientific change. Neither do they,
separately or in combination, account for progress. In fact, the metaphors both
illuminate and obscure the character of the transition from one historical period
of science to another. On the side of illumination, each metaphor speaks to the
key role that discontinuity plays in the development of science. However, the
tensions between these metaphors also obscure by making incompatible
suggestions about the character of revolutions (are they leaps or breaks?).
Criticisms
Fuller makes a difficult charge against the historian turned historicist philosopher
when he speaks of “the historical incoherence of Kuhn’s account”143. This is an
outlier position. It is true that Kuhn’s major historical work Black-Body Theory

142 B.C. Van Fraassen, The Empirical Stance, 69.
143 S. Fuller. Thomas Kuhn: A Philosophical History for Our Times, 210.
74
and The Quantum Discontinuity, 1894-1912 (1978), the one he saw as his “best
work”144, disappointed many. However, this wasn’t due to the historical
incoherence of his narrative. The disappointment was due to the fact that Kuhn
missed an opportunity to model the relevance of his most influential philosophy
to his most meticulous history. Trevor Pinch interpreted the missing references
to Structure in Black-Body Theory as “the final stage of a process of retraction
initiated by Kuhn in response to some of the reactions which Structure
produced”145.
There was engagement with what John Norton later called Kuhn’s
“disputed claim” about the role of Max Planck in early quantum theory146. This is
the minority opinion that Planck did not introduce discontinuity to the core of
physics in 1900 but Einstein did in 1906 via a correction of Planck’s black body
radiation theory147. On this point, Abner Shimony notes, “Kuhn neglects a paper
by Ehrenfest and Kammerlingh Onnes of 1914 which threw important

144 T. S. Kuhn, Black Body Theory, 349.
145 T.J. Pinch, “Paradise Lost, A Review Symposium”, 440.
146 J. Norton, “The Logical Inconsistency of the Old Quantum Theory”, 330.
147 T.S. Kuhn, Black-Body, 182-187.
75
retrospective light upon developments within his chosen period”148, while Klein
remains “not convinced”149. After qualifications, Shimony concedes that
“[Kuhn’s] interpretation as a whole seems to me thoroughly convincing”150. At
last, on the merit of the history overall, Pinch speaks for all when he concludes:
“Kuhn's book is to be strongly recommended […] His penetrating analysis […]
provides many insights”151.
The criticisms that really stick are the meta-historical and philosophical
ones. Let us start with Peter Galison’s influential reading of Kuhnian
historiography as a series of “island empires” where theory and experiment
“move in lockstep”152. His general point was that, while positivists reduced
science to observation and required theory to account for them, in talk of theory
laddenness Kuhn and the anti-positivists simply inverted the relationship. On this
view, both positivists and anti-positivists reduce science to one of its aspects,

148 A. Shimony, “Paradise Lost, A Review Symposium”, 435.
149 M.J. Klein, “Paradise Lost, A Review Symposium”, 431.
150 A. Shimony, “Paradise Lost, A Review Symposium”, 434.
151 T.J. Pinch, “Paradise Lost, A Review Symposium”, 440.
152 P. Galison, Image and Logic, 787-797.
76
respectively observation and theory. Galison saw the anti-positivist reduction to
theory at play in Black-Body Theory. For him, Kuhn did not merely give primacy
to theory but was also guided by a commitment to a meta-theory in “quest for
coherence in the history of science”153. Unlike many readers of the book, Galison
thought that Kuhn’s commitment to coherence in science was a direct link to
gestalt, paradigm and core notions developed in Structure. Galison is explicit:
[…] the search for coherence in Planck's thought is intimately tied to
the view of scientific change portrayed in Kuhn's philosophical work.
The difficulties that are attached to such a view seem to be shared by
both the historical and the philosophical Kuhn154.
Figure 10: Galison's View of Kuhn's Periodization

153 P. Galison, “Kuhn and the Quantum Controversy”, The British Journal for the
Philosophy of Science, 1981 32(1), 83.
154 P. Galison, “Kuhn and the Quantum Controversy”, 83.
Theory1	
Observation1	
Theory2	
Observation2
Theory3	
Observation3
77
Galison proposed an alternative the opposite positivist and anti-positivist
historiographies that “would underline the heterogeneity of practice within the
wider physics community”155. This involved drilling to the sub-disciplinary level
expose the dynamics between theory, experiment and instrument making. To
the degree that they happen, discontinuities are limited to the level of subdisciplines and “it is a matter of historical investigation to determine if [the
discontinuities] do line up” and a given point in time156. For example, a break in
instrumentation like the introduction of the Geiger counter presents new
experimental opportunities against a background of continuity of theory. If and
when discontinuities line up, then a Kuhnian revolution is afoot. However,
Galison did not expect that this would often if ever be so as each sub-discipline
has its own logic.
The upshot of all this is that, for Galison, there are no global breaks in
science. The only breaks are local and at the level of the sub-discipline. If this is
correct, Kuhn’s entire historiography and the general philosophical positions it
supports would collapse. Also, if Galison is correct that Kuhn’s historical practice

155 P. Galison, Image & Logic, 783.
156 P. Galison, Image & Logic, 783.
78
is guided by a search for coherence grounded in paradigm and shifts, Kuhn’s
legacy as a historian would also be require re-examination.
There are several qualifications to make in considering the effectiveness of
Galison’s critique. First, Galison tends to conflate his critique of Kuhn with a
critique of texts that Kuhn did not author but inspired157. Also, Galison does not
always appreciate that paradigm1 – which Kuhn defined as “law, theory,
application, and instrumentation together”158 – is seems indistinguishable from
his own view of disciplines. In both versions, disciplines are made up of parts,
and they are the same parts. However, Galison does provide the observeranalyst with new considerations. The disaggregation of disciplines into theory,
experimentation and instrument making, with each following its own logic and
timing, is suggestive of higher resolution analysis that stays closer to its object.
While Kuhn does the disaggregation work in his move to paradigm2, he does so
only to isolate the notion of practice as exemplar. Paradigm as exemplar remains
a bundle of practices. Therefore, Galison does well to criticize Kuhn for failing to

157 Galison quotes Barry Barnes when he wants to establish that Kuhn sees experiment
moving in lockstep with theory. See Galison, How Experiments End, 13.
158 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 10.
79
see the opportunity disaggregation presents for a higher resolution analysis with
the potential to reconcile continuity and discontinuity. The reconciliation
happens by layering breaks and continuities as one might with a rope. This
opens the way for Galison to consider varieties of continuity (pedagogical,
technical and epistemic) against a backdrop of staggered change159.
Since the history of science does not support breaks in the whole of
science, the criticism that Kuhn has radicalized what are simple translation issues,
that are themselves only faced by the observer, sticks. Perhaps, it is said, IT was
initially overstated. Indeed, the historical record, suggests an image of science
as a collection of overlapping specialized languages where revolutions, if they
happen at all, are local affairs. Kuhn himself sometimes spoke of changes,
“revolutionary only to those whose paradigms are affected by them”160.
However, this still suggests a break in an entire area of science. Again, Galison
reminds us that even these smaller revolutions show evidence of more
continuities than one might first expect.

159 P. Galison, Image and Logic, 21-22.
160 T.S. Kuhn, Structure, 92.
80
Even if one sets aside Galison’s sub-disciplinary analysis, local revolutions
still create problems for rational choice and progress. Bas Van Fraassen provides
the following argument from experience:
[…] we take ourselves to have knowledge and to know what it is to be
rational. Yet we also look back and see that in our past our presumed
knowledge went into crisis, and the crisis was resolved in ways that
burst the very categories of our then-putative knowledge and reason
[…] what if we acknowledge that we could be in that position again?161
However, there is a problem. Pessimistic induction is reasonable but potentially
corrosive. Kuhn associated the view with Hilary Putnam and derives from it the
position (based on an implied frequentist interpretation) that “the probability
that any currently proposed belief will fare better [than earlier ones now shown to
be false] must be close to zero”162. If this were correct and taken as so by
scientists, there would be no reason to even try. A genius on the verge of solving
the puzzle of unifying relativity and quantum mechanics in black holes could
assimilate this philosopher’s argument and give up physics for more promising

161 Bas C. Van Fraassen, The Empirical Stance, 73.
162 T.S. Kuhn, “The Trouble with the Historical Philosophy of Science”, 115.
81
pursuits. Even more importantly for the cause of IT, Kuhn claimed that without a
fixed ruler, “to measure the distance between current belief and true belief”, it is
not even clear, “what the phrase ‘closer to truth’ can mean”163. Ultimately, Van
Fraassen’s observation points to a problem for science but it is not specifically
our problem of evaluating IT.
At base, the criticism of Kuhnian incommensurability reduces to two
charges: that IT is self-refuting (Putnam) or that it is a “pedestrian and familiar
fact” of translation (Donald Davidson), that is, mundane. Since it is in language L
that one attempts to show that a term in L* is unintelligible, either:
(a) The exercise is futile because, in principle, terms in L* cannot in be
described in L – so IT is self-refuting; or
(b) The exercise is successful because, fundamentally, L and L* are not so
distant after all, but the same – merely words apart.
Therefore, the basic error of proponents of IT is to take a position but act in a
way that is inconsistent with that position – an instance of what, following

163 T.S. Kuhn, “The Trouble with the Historical Philosophy of Science”, 115.
82
Habermas, one may call a performative contradiction164. Here is Putnam’s charge
that IT is self-refuting:
… if this thesis were really true then we could not translate other
languages – not even past stages of our own language – at all. And if
we cannot interpret organisms’ noises at all, then we have no grounds
for regarding them as thinkers, speakers, or even persons. In short, if
Feyerabend (and Kuhn at his most incommensurable) were right, then
members of other cultures, including seventeenth-century scientists,
would be conceptualizable by us only as animals producing responses
to stimuli (including noises that curiously resemble English or Italian).

164 Habermas uses the term in a slightly different way from the one introduced here. As
an example, the utterance of the phrase ‘Using lies, I finally convinced H that p’ is a
performative contradiction because “in the final analysis, convictions rest on a consensus
that has been attained discursively” (Jürgen Habermas, “Discourse Ethics: Notes from a
Program of Philosophical Justification” in Moral Consciousness and Communicative
Action, 90). In light of this view, Kuhn might respond to Putnam and Davidson that to
speak of science in absence of a paradigm is a performative contradiction.
83
To tell us that Galileo had ‘incommensurable’ notions and then to go
on to describe them at length is totally incoherent165.
Kuhn’s response to Putnam is similar to the one he gave Masterman. Just
as her analysis of ‘paradigm’ led him to the narrower paradigm2, Putnam’s
argument is met with talk of “local incommensurability”. Kuhn’s specific
response to Putnam is that one can speak of Galilean science as
incommensurable to our own and all the while describe it. This is possible
because “only for a small subgroup of (usually interdefined) terms and the
sentences containing them do problems of translatability arise”166. The
languages of science and of talk about science are nested in more general
languages that allow for communications. Kuhn is serious enough about local
incommensurability to make this very seemingly non-Kuhnian statement:
The terms that preserve their meanings across a theory change
provide a sufficient basis for the discussion of differences and for
comparisons relevant to theory choice167.

165 H. Putnam, Reason, Truth and History., 114.
166 T.S. Kuhn, “Commensurability, Comparability, Communicability”, 36.
167 T.S. Kuhn, “Commensurability, Comparability, Communicability”, 36.
84
This is the more startling when coupled with Kuhn’s later claim that the local
version is the original one. It is very difficult to reconcile this position with the
depictions in Structure of revolutions as shifts in paradigm1. In any case, making
IT local trades one problem for another. Now, the problem isn’t that breaks
happen in the whole of science but how the breaks can be contained in a local
region168. There is no straightforward answer to this problem.
Before considering the charge of IT as mundane, there are four other
responses Kuhn might have had for Putnam. First, translating into other
languages or past stages of our own language are not at all equivalent activities
– in fact, studying scientific revolutions is more like doing the second than the
first. This is not a point Kuhn himself appreciated but it is central to this
dissertation. Virtually all the interlocutors on incommensurability held to the
dogma of other languages and past stages of our own are equivalently different
to current speech. This may be the result of the common context in which IT
arose. As Gürol Irzik and Teo Grünberg note, “Kuhnian normal science
corresponds to activity within Carnapian theory”169. Indeed, the identification of

168 H. Sankey, “Kuhn’s Changing Concept of Incommensurability”, 772.
169 G. Irzik and T. Grünberg, "Carnap and Kuhn”, 298.
85
a scientific theory with a linguistic framework L and its division as part
observation language and part theoretical language is the background of the IT
debate. Rudolf Carnap took from his teacher Gottlob Frege that a formal
language, like the mathematics Frege sought to model, is atemporal. Just as ‘5
+ 7 = 12’ cannot become or pass away but stands outside of time, so do
statements in L. Being uninterested in temporality, the implications of history
are missed. Carnap also distinguished questions internal and external to a
framework, and understood revolution as framework shift or as changes in the
theoretical language, neither of which is accounted for in L 170. All this reveals a
blind spot in the literature. The assumed equivalence of translating from past
stages of our language or other languages is a false symmetry that arises from
the failure of Fregean logic to account for diachronic processes like language
change. The discovery of this fallacy is a key motivation for this dissertation.
The second additional response to Putnam is related to how observeranalysts stand in relation to the two groups of participant-scientists respectively
associated with T0 and T1. We can translate Chaucer into Elizabethan English but
Chaucer could not have done so because that later language variety was not

170 G. Irzik and T. Grünberg, "Carnap and Kuhn”, 296.
86
available to him. This is always the position of the observer-analyst: raised in T m
and trying to understand the movement from T0 to T1. This is why the observer
can only recover the reconstructed T’ 0. To even speak of T0 and T1 is to take
snapshots of a continuous process. The fact that T0 and T1 are external the
practice that observers participate in, and that they are historically related to
each other and us, takes the sting from Putnam’s charge of incoherence. Also,
both theories are reconstructed by abstracting from the lived experience of
historical participant-scientists to support a side-by-side comparison procedure.
This is why the observer-analyst can see continuities from T’0 to T’ 1.
Feyerabend provides the third and fourth responses to Putnam. We can
become bilingual (“learn a language or culture from scratch”171) and translation
changes the target language. The first point is fairly straightforward.
Feyerabend rejected Kuhn’s position (seemingly endorsed by Putnam) that it is
“impossible for an individual to hold both theories in mind together and
compare them point by point”172. Instead, Feyerabend argues that the only way

171 P. Feyerabend, Farewell to Reason, 265-266.
172 T.S. Kuhn, “Objectivity, Value Judgment, and Theory Choice”, 338.
87
to engage with “a new and initially unfamiliar semantic landscape”173, like the
arcane notion of impetus, is to learn the physics, metaphysics, technology,
theology, etc. in which to “locate” the notion. As a trilingual person, I can attest
to the phenomenon of different and competing languages in one head.
Feyerabend second point, and the fourth bonus response to Putnam, has
to do with transformations in the target language that come as a result of
translation. When one considers translating from a foreign language to current
speech, “the English with which we start is not the English with which we
conclude our explanation”174. This is a pregnant point. Our everyday language
is regularly transformed by attempts to understand foreign tongues. Consider
the New Testament notion of αγαπη175. The term was traditionally rendered as
‘charity’ in English. The influential Twentieth Century New Testament (1904)
translation rendered the term as ‘love’176. Today, the Hymn of Love found in 1

173 P. Feyerabend, Farewell to Reason, 266.
174 P. Feyerabend, Farewell to Reason, 268.
175 “Greater love (ἀγάπην) has no one than this, that a person lays down his life for his
friends”, John 15:13.
176 B.M. Metzger, The Bible in Translation: Ancient and English Versions, 110.
88
Corinthians 13 is a staple reading at Christian weddings, a phenomenon ‘charity’
did not support.
Now we turn to Davidson’s charge that IT is mundane:
So what sounded at first like a thrilling discovery – that truth is relative
to a conceptual scheme – has not so far shown to be anything more
than the pedestrian and familiar fact that the truth of a sentence is
relative to (among other things) the language to which it belongs.
Instead of living in different worlds, Kuhn’s scientists may, like those
who need Webster’s dictionary, be only words apart177.
Kuhn’s response to Davidson is the very disarming response: “to the extent
that I’m concerned with language and with meanings at all […] it is with the
meanings of a restricted class of terms”178. So Kuhn agrees that scientists can
only be words apart, but would point Davidson to those cases where these words
are kind or taxonomic terms. This is what makes all the difference. Since “a
lexical taxonomy of some sort must be in place before description of the world

177 D. Davidson, “On the Very Idea of a Conceptual Scheme”, 11.
178 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure”, 92.
89
can begin”179, being apart by kind terms is equivalent to carving joints for
nature180. According to Howard Sankey, this is, “the most significant
refinement”181 of Kuhnian incommensurability. It seems to me that this is not an
adequate solution. As seen in the discussion on local incommensurability above,
an argument is required to explain how kind terms can be tightly
compartmentalized so as not to infect the wider language in which they find
themselves.
Hacking offers a simpler response: “incommensurability as enunciated
may have deserved Davidson’s strictures” but now that Kuhn speaks of local
incommensurability, “Davidson’s objections do not apply”182. Again, I have
reservations that local kind terms can be held to being local. Kuhn intends interdefined kind terms to be persuasive enough to support a distinct address to
nature. Even with the conceptual diversity brought about by fuzziness (which
Kuhn does not emphasize), it is difficult to accept that the disuse of kind terms

179 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure”, 92.
180 This is a variation on Plato’s metaphor of carving nature at the joints.
181 H. Sankey, “Kuhn’s Changing Concept of Incommensurability”, 772.
182 I. Hacking, “Working in a New World”, in World Changes, 298.
90
from the Aristotelian theory of nature only affected the speech of committed
Aristotelians.
Taken together, one can see how the Putnam-Davidson line of argument
uncritically accepts the equivalence of interpretation and translation “traceable
at least to Quine’s Word and Object”183. This assumption is at odds with the
simple fact that translation produces a residue:
Glosses and translators’ prefaces are not part of the translation, and a
perfect translation would have no need for them. If they are
nonetheless required, we shall need to ask why184.
Although Kuhn does not seem aware of it, his could be a species of what
epistemologists have baptized the “preface paradox”. Imagine a competent
non-fiction writer confident in each statement of her latest book yet still –
perhaps motivated by a form of pessimistic induction – apologizing in advance to
the reader for mistakes the book may contain. Therefore, our writer holds both
that the assertions in her book are error-free and that the book contains errors;

183 T.S. Kuhn, “Commensurability, Comparability, Communicability”, 37.
184 T.S. Kuhn, “Commensurability, Comparability, Communicability”, 37.
91
she holds inconsistent beliefs that violate the requirement that rational belief
should be constrained by the logical requirements of consistency and deductive
closure. This may be based on an error in modeling our epistemic practices.
Kuhn’s may be called the ‘translator’s preface paradox’.
Philip Kitcher provides another line of attack. IT is neither self-conflicted
nor mundane, it is a special case of “the general problem of the underdetermination of theory by evidence”185 and therefore “a threat to orthodox
empiricism”186. He notes that this is not the problem faced by observers where
T0 and the reconstructed T’0 cannot be told apart experimentally:
[…] the typical scientific situation is not one in which we are asked to
judge the merits of rival doctrines, both of which fit all the available
evidence, but one in which we are asked to appraise two theories
each of which accords only imperfectly with the data. The task for the
proponent of the idea that revolutionary debates can be rationally
resolved thus reduces to that of articulating a theory of the reckoning
of costs and benefits, of potential problems and exciting prospects.

185 P. Kitcher, “Implications”, 690.
186 P. Kitcher, “Implications”, 691.
92
This is no small task, but it is simpler than the talk of observational and
conceptual incommensurability might have led us to expect187.
Of course, Kuhn would not accept Kitcher’s premise that there is such a
thing as “the data”. The problem of planetary motion addressed by Ptolemaic
and Copernican astronomies was not merely about the best approach at
accounting for the data. What counts as data is itself theory-dependent as
demonstrated by the different uses of the word ‘planet’ made by these groups.
Most importantly for this dissertation, Kitcher’s conclusions that the rational
resolution of revolutionary debate reduces to cost/benefit analysis is untenable
on account that pre-revolutionary science is fully-formed whereas postrevolutionary science is not. It is surprising that the diachronic character of
science is neglected in these arguments. Again, only the treatment of
incommensurability as a problem of translation can make Kitcher’s criticism
credible and this is limited to the observer experience.
Unresolved Issues
Sankey reminds us that the IT controversy is about rationality and
progress188. If the theories held by different speech communities cannot be

187 P. Kitcher, “Implications”, 690.
93
directly compared, then theory choice is not a wholly rational affair. Further, if
inter-defined kind terms change over time, that means past theories and their
historically related successors do not refer to the same parts of nature and
therefore progress is put in question. Spelt out further, the incommensurability
challenge is this: without ahistorical standards of justification, the choice between
competing paradigms cannot be rational, what amounts to random groping can
only accidentally lead to truth and a succession of random choices cannot be
called progress.
Mario Biagioli offers an excursion into Galilean science to elucidate the
idea of scientific change as “paradigm speciation”, using a “diachronic
approach”:
According to this Darwinian metaphor, incommensurability would be
necessarily related to the conceptual speciation of a new
paradigm”189. This is consistent with later Kuhn: “The biological

188 H. Sankey, “Scientific Realism and the Semantic Incommensurability Thesis”, 196.
189 M. Biagioli, "The Anthropology of Incommensurability”, 184.
94
parallel to revolutionary change is not mutation, as I thought for many
years, but speciation190.
At this point, it is useful to consider a basic point Baigrie makes about any
Darwinian approach: “theories must be produced randomly if the comparison
with Darwinian natural selection is to succeed”191. Barbara Renzi presses the
point: “Kuhn’s account of progress in evolutionary biology is different from the
account that most biologists would provide, which I accept”192. She is referring
to two macro trends in evolution, the move from simple to complex life forms
and the increased adaptation to the environment. Renzi calls these trends global
and local progress, respectively, and suggests Kuhn confuses these to the
detriment of this theory. To the extent that the evolutionary approach is the one
favoured by the later Kuhn and by this author, we need to make these
distinctions and find a place for randomness in disciplinary development.
Alternatively, we can follow Nicolas Rescher who distinguishes between
biological evolution (via natural selection) and cognitive evolution (via rational

190 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure”, 98.
191 B. Baigrie, "Why Evolutionary Epistemology is an Endangered Theory", 359.
192 B.G. Renzi, “Kuhn’s Evolutionary Epistemology”, 151.
95
choice)193. The choice must be made in support of formulating a version of
incommensurability that retains the core insight of change in science while
engaging with the asymmetry of participant-scientists moving forward and
observer-participants looking back. At base, it is this asymmetry that demands
an alternative to IT as untranslatability.
This chapter considered the joint coherence of Kuhn’s presentation of IT
and criticism from interlocutors in the IT debate. The views of Galison, Putnam
and Davidson were given special consideration. A discovery was that the IT
debate wrongly assumed that a different language and a past stage our
language are equivalently different form current speech. Despite shortcomings,
IT is an insight consistent with observer level work. It is its relevance to
participants that needs to be rejected. However, the asymmetries between the
observer and participants perspectives that force the search for an alternative to
IT.

193 N. Rescher. Epistemetrics. 16.
96
3.0 Science as Creole
Background
Kuhn, philosopher of revolution, provides the following response to those who
expected categories from Structure to be put to work in Black-Body Theory:
As almost always happens in historical reinterpretation, the new
narrative is more nearly continuous then they seemed before, but also
individually smaller, more fully prepared, more obviously within the
reach of an exceptionally capable person. Consider the successive
scholarly retellings of the story of Newton, Galileo, Darwin or Freud194.
What happens at the limit is IT due to insufficient historical detail? This
dissertation suggests that, while the observers of science experience gestalt and
IT, the object of their study feature no such breaks.
This is consistent with a higher resolution analysis of science that stays as
close to its subject as possible by peering over the shoulder of participants. New
insights can come from such detailed work. For example, Galison points out that
the rise of quantum theory is only a canonical example of scientific revolution as

194 T.S. Kuhn, “Afterword” in Black-Body Theory, 354.
97
an artifact of the way history is done. He specifies, “In 1900-1, the question of
the continuum vs. discreteness as such, which for us is of such overwhelming
interest, was entirely peripheral to Planck's other concerns”195. A defensible
philosophy of science should be based on insights from higher resolution
analysis. It should also account for significant aspects of scientific practice in
ways that are not ad hoc but native or intrinsic to the theory under consideration.
Competition, meaning variance and progress are significant aspects that need to
be taken into account in any theory of scientific change. IT squarely engages
with these but IT fails to deliver a coherent model that assimilates the difference
between the observer and participant perspectives; many influential readers
(friendly and hostile) also doubt whether Kuhn can account for progress. In
contrast, positivists and Popperians speak to progress but ignore one or the
other significant fact. The first group ignores competition by depicting theory
change as content accumulation and the other ignores meaning variance by
depicting theory change as successive theory. With an eye to history, neither
positivism nor Popperianism stands as a defensible philosophy of science.

195 P. Galison, “Kuhn and the Quantum Controversy”, 83.
98
These alternatives describe science as a finished product but do not capture
science in action well.
This is the justification for continued interest in IT. It takes meaning
variance and competition as starting points. However, progress continues to be
a problem. Even the narrower paradigm2 (paradigm as exemplar) makes it
ungrammatical to speak in inter-paradigm change as progress. How can the
move from a system of inter-defined terms and evaluation criteria from one
period of science improve upon a system with different inter-defined terms and
different criteria from another period?
The Ptolemaic universe cannot suffer the Earth to orbit the Sun for the
simple reason that the definitions of the terms ‘Earth’, ‘Sun’ and such do not
allow it. Speaking as an Aristotelian, it is both inconsistent and incoherent to
think of Earth, the center of the universe, as orbiting off-center objects like stars.
This may be the reason the Forward to the De Revolutionibus entreats readers
not be offended but allow astronomers to discharge their duty to account for
celestial motion by any means necessary. This means making room for the
“novel hypothesis” that the earth moves whereas the sun is at rest “in the center 
99
of the universe”. This is the sense in which Kuhn saw De Revolutionibus as, “the
source of a new tradition that ultimately destroys its parent”196.
In transforming the technical Copernican account into a substantive
position about the visible universe, Galileo challenged both previous science and
the socio-professional identities premised on the old basic taxonomy197. The
problem with analyzing this episode using the Kuhnian machinery is that it
defines paradigms as closed systems where rationality is only meaningful intraparadigm. Any credible notion of progress intends a distinctly inter-paradigmic
movement. Putting paradigms side-by-side amounts to comparing the
discourses of Galileo and that of the Aristotelian Lodovico Delle Colombe are
independent of each other. But the point of progress is that such boundary
discourse involves languages that are intimately related. We want to say Galileo
did not only advance a new position when he turned his telescope to the
heavens, but that his was an improvement on the alternatives available. Again,
when Galileo and his contemporaries were engaged in controversies on
buoyancy, the structure of the solar system, the role of mathematics and

196 T.S. Kuhn, The Copernican Revolution. 136.
197 M. Biagioli, “The Anthropology of Incommensurability”.
100
instrumentation in discovering truth, etc., they where engaged in real debates
about nature. What stands in the way of incommensurability accounting for such
talk is the form that its commitment to science as epistemic practice takes. Kuhn
(“a positivist malgré lui”198) never transcended the view of his teachers on what
theories are: sets of sentences that form closed deductive systems. His
suggestion that theories have inter-defined terms at their core simply adapts the
Euclidean method to science studies. On this view, Newtonian mechanics is
reducible to axioms and definitions of position, mass, force, and trajectory. Once
the system is set up, all that is left is to apply inference rules to arrive at
statements that can be compared to nature. To the extent this comparison
results in mismatch, then axioms and definitions are adjusted and the deductive
process repeated. This is the famed hypothetico-deductive method as an
upwards spiral with truth as its regulative end. However, statements can only be
compared to statements; they cannot be compared to things.
A new mechanism is needed to replace the one-sided IT to account for
the mix of logical, causal, and material links between participants that shapes a
progressive science. To the question of whether revolutions are leaps or breaks,

198 J. Agassi, “Kuhn’s Way”, 397.
101
the answer is both but not by compartmentalizing normal and revolutionary
science as Kuhn does. Language formation is an alternative model for
revolutions that shows how to reconcile continuities and breaks within one
innovative mechanism. Consider Galileo as part of a tradition. He and Delle
Colombe were born a year apart and advanced competing arguments based on
incompatible taxonomies of nature. The arguments were competing in the
sense that no one seems to have defended both positions at once. Yet, the
heliocentric view emerged from engagement with the same problems known to
Aristotelian opponents. This is an instance of what Kuhn called ‘revolutionary
science’. The question is whether this phase of fundamental disagreement
freezes as improvisation can into composition to become consensus-powered
science. Reacting to a manuscript of Structure, Feyerabend rejected the singular
character of paradigms calling the approach, “ideology covered up as history”199.
He goes on to also reject Kuhn’s motivating axiom that a scientist cannot hold
mutually inconsistent hypothesis at the same time:
Faraday did so, if I am correctly informed, and so did the Presocratics,
and so did Einstein (partly classical, partly non-classical

199 P. Hoyningen-Huene, “Two Letters of Paul Feyerabend to Thomas S. Kuhn”, 355.
102
considerations). Also I think I have shown in my own essay that
considering a set of mutually inconsistent but factually adequate
theories increases the empirical content of any element of the set and
this for the simple reason that many tests presuppose the existence of
an alternative! (they are crucial tests)200.
In later years, Kuhn appears to have softened his position sufficiently to
hold that, “though individuals may belong to several interrelated communities
(thus, be multilinguals), they experience aspects of the world differently as they
move from one to the next”201. Nevertheless, the translation metaphor at the
core of IT encourages the view Feyerabend attacks.
The core analogy is of a language variety emerging out of existing
varieties the way English did from West Germanic, Latin and French. Now,
English is clearly a language and yet it is diverse. It is the result of language
speciation via competition that retains the mark of its history. While there are
very few Celtic loanwords in English, the Celtic influence on English syntax202

200 P. Hoyningen-Huene, “Two Letters of Paul Feyerabend to Thomas S. Kuhn”, 356.
201 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure” in The Road Since Structure. 101.
202 A. Lutz, “Celtic Influence on Old English and West Germanic”, 230.
103
allowed word order to do the work of the case system in Old English. This makes
suggestions to the observer-analyst. New theories and disciples as speciation
events open the way for different expectations. As the case of English above, we
are now alert to influences from both past stages of our language and external
sources. Revolution as the major conversion of participant-scientists into a new
pre-formed worldview in the manner of gestalt switches is no longer to be
expected. Also, the stark issue of theory choice is made less so when
considering the diachronic character of science. Just as the move from Old
English to current speech is a gradual affair that results in a break only when
comparing stages with large intervals, the emergence of the heliocentric view
was not sudden.
Ptolemy contributed to two approaches to astronomy: physical and
mathematical203. The mathematical approach was subordinated to the physical
(philosophical) – hence the apologetic Forward to De Revolutionibus. Galileo

203 Apart from the Almagest that established Ptolemy’s reputation as a mathematical
astronomer, he also composed Hypotheses of the Planets in which he advanced, “a
rather unsatisfactory physical mechanism for epicyclic motions”. See T.S. Kuhn, The
Copernican Revolution, 105. 
104
challenged his adversaries to reverse the priority, arguing that mathematical
considerations should lead the way instead. Biagioli suggests such shifts provide
insights into historical episodes of incommensurability. In the case of Galileo and
the Aristotelians, the reversal is an instance of:
[…] the mathematicians’ invasion of the philosophers’ domain and of
the attempt to upset received disciplinary hierarchies. As such, the
debates they triggered were characterized by comparable types of
non-communicative behaviours, a priori dismissals of the other’s
positions, and attempts to enforce or change the received rules of the
game rather than to engage in a constructive dialogue204.
A similar story can be told about current debates about string theory.
Here again, there hotly debated issues boil down to incompatible views on what
counts as doing science responsibly or at all. Without empirical predictions to
test, string theorists are charged with failing to meet basic requirements of
hypothesis testing. They respond that theirs is the only route to a unified
fundamental theory205. They also emphasize their ability for retrodiction of well-

204 M. Biagioli, “Anthropology of Incommensurability”. 191.
205 R. Dawid, “Theory Assessment and Final Theory Claims in String Theory”, 88.
105
established theories like general relativity and to point to technical problems
solved as installment on unifying gravity and quantum mechanics206. This poses a
clear challenge to science as normally understood. As active participant,
physicist Lee Smolin, laments accusations of incompetence and bad ethics from
both sides and admits, “it is real work maintaining friendships across the
divide”207.
The debates are not made easier by the fact that Galileo, like researchers
today, was not doing textbook science but was engaged in science in action. His
positions changed to accommodate the moves of his interlocutors. For example,
he initially held that the buoyancy of an object was a measure of its specific
weight. However, after an experiment by Delle Colombe that showed ebony of
one shape sink but of another float, Galileo turned from speaking about objects
on water to objects in water208. The fact that both sides were ignorant of the
phenomenon of surface tension led the debate into blind alleys, and then a
“deadlock” where the parties could not even agree on an experimental setting

206 S. Ritson and K. Camilleri, “Contested Boundaries”, 205-206.
207 L. Smolin, The Trouble with Physics, Xvii.
208 M. Biagioli, “The Anthropology of Incommensurability”, 194.
106
to resolve their dispute. Again, their incompatible commitments scientific and
socio-professional were obstacles to full communication. This is typical of
incommensurability: it emerges as a node of discourses diverging over time. In
hindsight, it presents as a speciation event with new theories arising in the way
new language varieties do.
Friedman shares this insight and anticipates the central thrust of this
dissertation when he writes:
Practitioners of succeeding paradigms are not helpfully viewed as
members of radically disconnected speech communities […] On the
contrary, successive paradigms emerge precisely from one another, as
succeeding stages in a common tradition of cultural change. In this
sense, they are better viewed as different evolutionary stages of a
single language rather than as entirely separate and disconnected
languages209.

209 M. Friedman, Dynamics of Reason, 60. 
107
However, this is change in only one dimension. This internalist approach is
continuous with Kuhn’s approach and consistent with the IT literature. For
example, Biagioli explains change that results in epistemic dislocation as follows:
In the same way that the barrier of sterility is an anti-swamping device
which prevents the characters of the new species from being
absorbed back into the old one, incommensurability could be seen as
a form of intellectual sterility – as the impossibility of breeding
intellectually210.
Here incommensurability emerges as a break in backwards compatibility
where the new species is prevented from being “absorbed back into the old
one”. However, the character and timing of the change requires context along
at least two dimensions: internal debates in the field and external factors. The
history of astronomy provides a good example of the relationship between
internal crisis and the demands of wider culture. It is well known that apart from
whatever issues with the Ptolemaic model, demands for calendar reform put
great pressure on Ptolemaic astronomy. Copernicus, who held the degree of
Doctor of Canon Law, was called before the Lateran Œcumenic Council to give

210 M. Biagioli, 184.
108
his opinion on calendar reform211. He declined the invitation because he appears
to have understood that reform of the calendar necessitated reform in
astronomy. Copernicus believed he achieved this reform in his De Revolutionibus
(1543). Some agreed since the Gregorian calendar adopted in 1582 was based on
computations made using his work212. However, the calendar was not the only
external influence on astronomy. Other factors which contributed to the timing
and shape of the Copernican Revolution included the recovery of Ptolemy’s
writings in the original Greek, the predominance of Aristotle in the university
system of the time, the humanistic opposition to Aristotle and the university
system, Neo-Platonism and its obscure connection to sun worship, and other
factors besides. The connection to sun worship is particularly interesting as one
moves to Kepler. Kuhn had all these in mind when he wrote:
But technical breakdown would still remain the core of the crisis. In a
mature science ... external factors ... are principally significant in
determining the timing of breakdown, the ease with which it can be
recognized, and the area in which, because it is given particular

211 J.L.E. Dreyer, A History of Astronomy, 309.
212 T.S. Kuhn, Copernican Revolution, 126.
109
attention, the breakdown first occurs. Though immensely important,
issues of that sort are out of bounds for this essay213.
The “immensely important issues” related to external factors may have
been out of bounds for Structure but they cannot be ignored for its subject
matter. Kuhn’s facile gesture appears due to his commitment to the view that
theories as closed deductive systems, again under the spell of the “cult of
axiomatics” that extends the Euclidean style of geometry to science in general214.
It is curious that Kuhn was so narrowly focused given it is precisely the problem of
conceptual change to which he contributed so much that suggests that the
logical structure of theories is too poor a model for science in action.
Specifically, Toulmin follows Collinwood in proposing that conceptual changes
must be explained in causal rather than merely rational terms. It is easy to accept
that people from different places and times may possess incompatible
worldviews; Kuhn’s Structure is credited for supplying the vocabulary for making
this obvious to many. However after decades of thinking about conceptual
change the following question is raised: “is it even clear that people from the

213 T.S. Kuhn, Structure. 69.
214 S. Toulmin, Return to Reason, 5.
110
same culture at the same time are capable of reaching intellectual
consensus?”215. This takes us back to Feyerabend’s early reaction to Structure
and strikes at the core of this thesis.
It is the two-dimensional context of change that shows how novelty comes
out of everyday interactions. We must account for both the language
undergoing change (internal ecology) and the sociolinguistic context in which
that change occurs (external ecology). A single component does not alone
account for the resultant force. It is similar for science in action. A language is
made up of components including vocabulary, syntax and semantics that require
multi-dimensional analysis to account for its emergence from pre-existing
varieties. Multi-dimensional analysis is key to pushing Galison’s metaphor of
science as creole to yield a model. This is exactly where an emphasis on practice
makes the difference. A philosophy of science must be sensitive to the specifics
of the context in which innovation occurs. Thematic factors like mathematization,
unification and reduction provide a background but do not of themselves
account for the emergence and development of real-life disciplines like string
theory. Indeed, the idiosyncrasies of persons and times and places also play

215 S. Toulmin, Return to Reason, 7.
111
their part. Historians of science regularly appeal to the influence of Ernst Mach
and to the character of ‘German science’ in explaining the rise of modern
physics. Linguists speak of a ‘founder effect’ where, “the linguistic founding
population of an area has a built-in advantage when it comes to the continuing
influence and survival of their speech forms, as opposed to those of later
arrivals”216. As we are almost never in a tabula rasa situation, something similar
to the founding effect must be at work in the development scientific discipline.
Trading zones like the Cavendish are exactly instances of this mix of internal and
external factors that propel change.
In order to lay the ground for the notion of science as creole, let us
consider three “tentative axioms”217 of linguistic creolization proposed by linguist
Robert Chaudenson:
1. Creolization is defined as evolution that leads speakers to determine
what is allowed based in their own local norms (“autonomization”);
2. Characterized by sociolinguistic changes rather than linear and
continuous evolution (“linguistic mutation”); and,

216 P. Trudgill, New Dialect Formation, 163.
217 R. Chaudenson. Creolization of Language and Culture, 144.
112
3. Creolization must be combined with internal evolution to explain
creole languages (sociolinguistic conditions of interactions + internal
evolution).
The fallacy of revolution as incomplete translation allowed observeranalysts to systematically overlook “the fine structure of conceptual change”218 or
what the later Kuhn called the ‘microprocesses’ that characterize the
development of scientific practice. This systematic oversight resembles the
misapplication of a principle linguists call rule generalization where, “later
generations misinterpret a series of overlapping events as one single sweeping
catastrophe”219. The notion of science as creole provides a framework for
understanding how a continuous process traces a trajectory that can be observed
as moving from one endpoint to another.
If scientific revolution is a speciation event, then like evolution it, “occurs
through the accumulation of routine events”220, with associated breakthroughs

218 H.I. Brown, “Incommensurability and Reality”, 129.
219 J. Aitchison, Language Change: Progress or Decay?, 95.
220 Peter Godfrey-Smith, Philosophy of Biology, 31.
113
always, “within the reach of an exceptionally capable person”221. This has
important implications for post-Kuhnian philosophy of science in action:
i. Paradigms are inherently unstable and heterogeneous. Historians
should expect to find fluidity in the core concepts of a discipline.
Thus, Kuhn’s view that theories are the logical consequences of a
core of inter-defined terms needs to be relaxed.
ii. Paradigms are not uniformly understood nor are they universally
endorsed. Fluidity in core concepts is expressed by key disciplinary
practitioners holding distinct views about the nature of their work
while still jointly making lasting contributions to the discipline; or
sometimes the same person holding incompatible views at
different times. To the extent that the individual practitioner is the
agent of change, the communal practice of science is characterized
by internal variability at the individual and inter-person levels.
iii. Anomalies have no special status as agents of revolutionary
change. As such, innovation and disciplinary developments are

221 T.S. Kuhn, “Afterword” in Black-Body Theory, 354.
114
mostly fueled by the diversity of individual views rather than some
clearly defined anomalies facing the community.
From the perspective of Kuhn’s model, these implications can be
summarized as blurring the distinction between normal and revolutionary
science. It turns out that at each level of analysis – communities, disciplines,
theories or individual heads and hands – the processes that produce normal
science are the same that yield revolutionary science. Again, revolution happens
through an accumulation of routine events. The dependence of IT on the
normal/revolutionary distinction calls for significant recasting. Also, rejecting the
view of paradigms as monolithic means the central place Kuhn gave anomalies is
unnecessary. This is a good thing in light of Baigrie’s reminder that, “Newton
did not produce the Principia […] as a cure for the ills of Cartesian science”. In
fact, by changing our expectations with counter-intuitive offerings like it first law
of motion, Principia actually helped to create crises. As such, as it concerns the
role of anomalies, Kuhn, “seems to have put the cart before the horse”222.

222 B. Baigrie, “Philosophy of Science as Normative Sociology”. Metaphilosophy Vol. 19
Nos. 3 & 4 July/October 1998, 246.
115
Science as Creoles
Hacking admonished, “If we want a comprehensive account of scientific
life, we should, in exact opposition to Quine, drop the talk of observation
sentences and speak instead of observation”223. I could not agree more.
However, we would still “speak” about science and that because observeranalysts like philosophers are not interested in doing science. Instead, we want
to extract from its practice knowledge about a world in which knowledge of this
kind is produced. Science as creole aims at this epistemological goal. Again,
the assumed equivalence of translating from past stages of our language or
other languages is a false symmetry that scrambles synchronic and diachronic
processes. The discovery of this fallacy calls for the rejection of IT. However, it
seems necessary to outline of how one might, as Hacking encourages us to do,
“speak” of observation and related components of science. Kuhn himself
recognized the value of approaching scientific development, “as a process of
language change”224, but focused on Quine rather than linguists for inspiration

223 I. Hacking, Representing and Intervening. 181.
224 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure” in The Road Since Structure 91.
116
and guidance. Science as creole provides a framework to take the IT debate
from diminishing returns back to fertility.
We start with a more systematic look at creoles. In her book entitled
Creole Genesis and the Acquisition of Grammar: The Case of Haitian Creole,
Claire Lefebvre reports the following empirical findings “any theory of Creole
genesis must account for”225:
i. Creoles develop in multilingual communities where the languages
are of unequal prestige and speakers have limited contact with
speakers of other languages;
ii. Creoles are ‘mixed’ in that they display elements of grammar and
vocabulary derived from the superstratum and various or all the
substratum languages;
iii. The superstratum language plays the role of a lingua franca for the
privileged few and speakers of substratum languages have
restricted access to speakers of the lingua franca, otherwise the
community could be bilingual;

225 Claire Lefebvre, Creole Genesis and the Acquisition of Grammar: The Case of Haitian
Creole. New York, NY: Cambridge University Press, 1998, 4.
117
iv. The resemblance between the superstratum language and the
resultant creole will vary proportionately with the frequency with
which speakers of the substratum languages had access the
superstratum language during the period of creole formation;
v. This mixing is not arbitrary but exhibits a pattern such that lexical
elements derive from the superstratum language and syntactic and
semantic elements derive from the substrate languages;
vi. Compared to ‘normal’ language evolution, creoles develop at an
accelerated pace (presumably due to the pressing need for
communication in a multi-lingual environment); and
vii. Creoles tend to be isolating languages.
This is the popular theory of creole genesis built on the relexification
hypothesis that creoles are a result of substrate speakers systematically failing to
acquire target languages. It is popular but controversial. Indeed, in a review
linguist Silvia Kouwenberg found the book made, “strong claims” that attracted
little support the creolist community except for the valuable contribution of 
118
showing, “the falsifiability of the relexification hypothesis” 226. The relevant issue
for our topic is the choice of what constitutes the appropriate level of analysis.
Lefebvre sees Haitian Creole as the result of Fongbe227 syntax with French
vocabulary. This can only be a first approximation. The slaves and colonists were
each made up of speakers of mutually unintelligible but related languages.
Slaves sold at port were sourced from different regions in central Africa, bringing
their many mutually unintelligible Niger-Congo languages with them. Fongbe
was the variety “with cultural rather than numerical dominance”228 for the
relevant period of history. This is similar to the situation where the dialect of
Paris was the language of administration for the colonists but not their daily
speech229. Neither group was linguistically uniform; this opens the door for
analysis at higher resolution. There are also the anomalies. Some features of

226 Silvia Kouwenberg, “Review of Creole Genesis and the Acquisition of Grammar: The
Case of Haitian Creole by Claire Lefebvre” Revue québécoise de linguistique, vol. 28, n°
2, 2000, p.131.
227 Fongbe is a Niger-Congo language spoken in the West African Republic of Benin.
228 S. Kouwenberg, “Review of Creole Genesis and the Acquisition of Grammar”,131.
229 R. Chaudenson, Creolization. 151.
119
Haitian do not have precursors in Fongbe. Where do they come from?
Kouwenberg reminds us that “relexification requires some semantic overlap
between the substratum lexical entry and a superstratum form”230. This is
reminiscent of Kuhn’s point that, in the move from one theory to another, “lexical
structures must overlap in major ways, or there could be no bridgeheads
permitting a member of one to acquire the lexicon of the other”231. Since no
overlap exists between Fongbe and French, we are led to look elsewhere.
Consider the non-Fon reflexive use of body part expressions found in
expressions like Tèt mwen fè’m mal (I have a headache). Lefebvre herself points
locates this feature in Kwa232. The substratum languages of Haitian are neither
homogenous nor all mutually intelligible233. These are facts relevant to the
development of the language. The case is similar for the colonists who mostly
spoke “nonstandard French, marked by langue d’oïl dialectical features”234.

230 S. Kouwenberg, “Review of Creole Genesis and the Acquisition of Grammar”, 132.
231 T.S. Kuhn, “The Road Since Structure” in The Road Since Structure, 104.
232 Kwa is a Niger-Congo language spoken in Ivory Coast, Ghana and Togo.
233 C. Lefebvre, Creole Genesis and the Acquisition of Grammar, 58-61.
234 R. Chaudenson, Creolization. 152.
120
Similar to the influence of Celtic on English syntax, archaic nonstandard French
left syntactic traces in current speech. For example, in my native Montreal we say
y en a for ‘there are’, very close to Mauritian Creole that uses éna235. This
structure comes from colonists who spoke non-standard varieties of French and
went to both places. The standard French expression is il y a. The superstratum
of Haitian are also plural, also neither homogenous nor all mutually intelligible.
At the unit of analysis of creole, substratum and superstratum, a key point to
retain is that theories of creole genesis and development are premised a threeway comparison. Observer-analysts of science also conduct similar comparisons.
However, rather than the usual three-way comparison of a pair of competing
theories and nature, the creole model suggests that the discipline is the proper
unit of analysis here. A theory of disciplinary genesis and development should
then compare the sub-disciplines of theory, experiment and instrument-making
and different points in time to trace trajectories.
The issue of the appropriate unit of analysis of scientific change is only
implicitly addressed in the literature. The idea of low and higher resolution
models aims to draw attention to this issue. It is too crude to study languages,

235 Robert Chaudenson, Creolization. 150.
121
“consider languages as objects, without taking into account the speakers and
their situations”236. A credible account of how dialects actually evolve requires
higher resolution models. The cross-Atlantic voyage is a key fact about speakers
and their situations with significant implications for creole. The voyages lasted
from 6 to 12 months, providing slaves and colonists a linguistic pressure cooker
that needs acknowledgement. As a lower resolution model, Lefebvre’s scheme
also brackets the complications associated with a salient feature of creoles: their
link to a plantation economy where contact between linguistic groups is neither
free nor close. To the extent that Galison imagines the subcultures doing
science in a trading zone as equal participants, scientific disciplines are certainly
not like creoles. Lefebvre also misses the emerging consensus that “there are
truly no structural features which define creoles independently of the
sociohistorical circumstances of their of their genesis”237. Therefore, the
differentials in power and prestige, for example, are not only true for creoles but
generally for language formation (as we saw with Celtic versus West German in
the development of English). A fuller account of how dialects actually evolve,

236 L.-J. Calvet, Ecology of World Languages, 177.
237 R. Chaudenson, Creolization of Language and Culture, 145.
122
one that can guide efforts at understanding discipline formation, requires a
model at higher resolution.
Haitian-born MIT linguist Michel DeGraff suggests one approach. He
argues the relexification hypothesis is internally inconsistent on the grounds of
being making faulty linguistic predictions and getting the sociohistorical details
wrong. DeGraff points out that language appropriation happens differently for
adults and locally born children, the latter being responsible for the relatively
stable new language238. While Lefebvre emphasizes second-language
acquisition (or the lack thereof) in creole genesis, DeGraff argues that it is the
role of first language acquisition that needs more attention. This is analogous to
considering the generation who, like Einstein, faced the challenges of relativity
and quantum theory as native Newtonians versus later generations raised with
these in place. Recall that the conservative Planck accepted special relativity
theory as early as 1906 (in fact, he named it) and as late as 1909 Poincaré could
lecture on relativity without referencing ‘Einstein’. The choice of both the unit
and scope of analysis makes a difference in its outcome.

238 M. DeGraff, “Relexification: A Reevaluation”, 375.
123
Another significant fact is that, contra to common belief perpetuated by
Lefebvre, slaves, French servants and colonists had total interaction with each
other, including linguistic and sexual239. Mufwene offers that different linguistic
outcomes can result from, “variation in the ecological conditions affecting the
same language restructuring equation”240. This total interaction is material to the
assessment of serial and parallel competition of language structures that feed
into the ‘restructuring equation’. The equation is analogous to genetic
recombination or the blending of inheritance from evolution theory. Given the
stability of the blending mechanism, different outputs result from different
inputs. It is the ecologies in which blending happens that make the difference.
Therefore, it is the unique combination of ecological conditions like the structure
of the language undergoing change and the socio-economic context in which
that change occurs that determines the kind of language variety that will emerge.
This is reminiscent of scientific and socio-professional factors that combine to
yield new theories and disciplines.

239 M. DeGraff, “Relexification: A Reevaluation”, 323.
240 S.S. Mufwene, The Ecology of Language Evolution. 19.
124
At higher resolution, communal language emerges out of interacting
languages of individual speakers. In this sense, communal speech is an
abstraction; only the individual’s language systems (idiolects) exist. In normal
circumstances, it is distinct but close enough to that of some others to allow for
mutual accommodation that supports easy communication most of the time.
The group of mutually intelligible idiolects constitutes the communal dialect or
language variant. This analysis applied to science is at a more granular or higher
resolution than pondered by Kuhn and his interlocutors including Galison, with
the exception of Polanyi who emphasized tacit or personal knowing. However,
that proposal was insufficiently developed to account for the stability of
community-level beliefs and practices.
Figure 11: From Individual to Community Speech
Of course, there are no clear boundaries between individual and
communal speech. As one linguist put it, “we have to recognize that, 
125
paradoxically enough, a ‘language’ is not a particularly linguistic notion at all”241.
It is the mechanism of mutual accommodation between idiolects is of great
interest here. Mufwene argues it is achieved in accordance with a ‘principle of
least effort’ (PLE), a notion analogous to similarly labeled principles of variational
physics. The ecological factors of language contact and sociolinguistics play
important roles, but the PLE is best demonstrated in the realm of internal
ecology where speakers of a substrate language adopt familiar materials from
the lexifier. Mufwene explains:
So, the fact that the lexifier of a creole, or any language undergoing
change, was heterogeneous before the change is an important
ecological factor that bears on its restructuring, which often results in
the reallocation of expressive functions among units already in the
system. For instance, on the plantations where English or French
creoles developed, their lexifiers were typically incipient koines from
diverse dialects imported from the European metropole and from
second-language varieties spoken by European indentured servants
from other countries. Those who developed the relevant creoles were

241 J.K. Chambers and Peter Trudgill, Dialectology, 4.
126
often exposed to more than one way of pronouncing the words this
and think in colonial English or the word trois “three” in colonial
French242.
In the case of English, the reference is the uneven use of the interdental
fricative /θ (the ‘th’ sound that distinguishes thigh and tie). Diversity or internal
variability is found in all subsystems of a language; not only phonology but also
syntax and morphology. Focusing on meanings, one can see that this diversity is
a matter of principle when one considers the impossibility of consistent semantic
closure. Furthermore, it is clear that the mutual accommodation that supports
communication between speakers is only a partial analogy to the situation for
science. Scientists are concerned only about accommodation to each other but
also to “accommodation of [their] language to the causal structure of the
world”243. The central role played by variability in the internal ecology of a creole
applies as well to dialect formation in general. To this end, Mufwene remarks
that “… the better we understand [creoles], the more we should be prompted to

242 S.S. Mufwene, The Ecology of Language Evolution. 23.
243 Richard Boyd, “Metaphor and Theory Change: What is ‘metaphor’ a metaphor for?”
in Metaphor and Thought, 483.
127
re-examine a number of things we thought we understood well about
Language”244. For example, linguist Peter Trudgill makes much of the fact that
American English is characterized by the contact between different British
dialects that would not have had much mutual contact ‘back home’.245 In the
colonial situation, the degree of variability within a speech community depends
on the number of places from which people arrived to the overseas centre and
the number of generations since the initial settlement. Trudgill found that the
speech of the first generation of New Zealand-born English speakers displayed
the widest range of pronunciations246. Taking this as the lexifier of a subsequent
creole highlights the importance of internal ecology.
We can expect that the situation is similar for the development of
scientific disciplines. Intersections of practices result in innovations. Special
relativity emerged against a background of an electromagnetic challenge to the
mechanistic worldview and a mathematician’s obsession with the relativity
postulate – out of a tension between Wien’s electromagnetic worldview and

244 S.S. Mufwene, The Ecology of Language Evolution. xi.
245 Peter Trudgill, New-Dialect Formation: The Inevitability of Colonial Englishes. 4.
246 Peter Trudgill, New-Dialect Formation. 14.
128
Poincaré’s commitment to the relativity postulate. Innovation can also be
reframed as the result of the clash of what Boyd labeled “theory-constitutive”
metaphors. The example he offers is the prevalence of the computer metaphor
in modern theoretical psychology (the brain is a computer, thought is information
processing, etc.). There are no alternative literal paraphrases available with
which to discuss mental phenomena.
The upshot of the creole model is that scientific change is best
understood against the background of the problems that they address, and that
these problems are ‘situated’ in conceptual, historical and sociological spaces.
Scientific change as creole formation reveals greater diversity than normally
accounted for in standard accounts. All science should be treated as creole en
voie de development. The higher resolution analysis of converging snapshots is
less vulnerable to charges of top-down analysis that is “simply an application of a
general rule that is arrived at by some other means”247. For example, string
theory is a case of in action. For this reason, philosophers tend to ignore it
because “there is, in a sense, no theory for the philosopher to analyse”248.

247 David J. Stump, “Epistemology and Metaphysics”, in The Disunity of Science, 259
248 Weingard, 1989, 138.
129
Generally, one should speak of string theories to indicate the family of
mathematical structures that attempt to unify general relativity and quantum
mechanics via the hypothesis that everything reduces to extended structures.
The phenomenology of particle physics is recovered by postulating divers
vibration modes that, at lower energy levels, are experienced as the particles and
forces of more established theories living under the rubric of ‘the Standard
Model’. Maxwell’s theory offers the analogy of varying oscillations of the
electromagnetic field (in a narrow range) experienced as different colours.
String theories have predecessors in hadronic physics that date back to
the 1970s but have been self-consciously pursuing the key to quantum gravity
since at least 1984. This is the year of the string revolution ushered by Edward
Witten249. Unlike familiar accounts in the history of physics, the story of how
string theories emerged and developed just now being told250, its main

249 Edward Witten’s paper “Some Properties of O(32) Superstrings” in Physics Letters
(Volume 149B, number 4,5) published in December 1984 is widely taken as the start of
the string revolution.
250 Dean Rickles, A Brief history of String Theory: From Dual Models to M-Theory. (New
York: Springer, 2014).
130
characters have not yet been divided into heroes and villains, as the end game is
still very much uncertain. For all these reasons, a philosophy of string theories is
risky. However, the creole model of scientific change can be a good guide for
such a project.
One way into the story of string theory is to consider the motivation for
extending the Standard Model of particle physics. This theory contains constants
that specify the properties of the twelve elementary particles and four
fundamental forces. The problem is that these constants are put in ‘by hand’, a
situation that suggests the Standard Model is not a fundamental theory. The aim
of string theorists is to develop a fundamental theory that would predict the
observed values of the constants of the Standard Model in the same way
Maxwell’s Equations predicted the observed value of the speed of light.
A second entry into the story is to follow the long-standing project of
unification in the history of physics. Indeed, the history of modern physics can be
credibly told as a series of unifications. It is interesting to note that string
theories are speculative in the sense that they do not allow for experimental
verification at this time. The Large Hadron Collider is thought to have the
potential to reach energy levels capable of testing some string hypotheses such
as its call for additional dimensions. However, at this point the philosopher is
justified in asking whether they are scientific theories at all; a position that 
131
Popper might have supported. This places the observer-analyst in the
uncomfortable position of musing on whether some of our brightest scientists
are doing science at all.
A third approach goes back to an old idea introduced by Planck but put to
work by de Broglie: through dimensional analysis, one can combine the physical
constants of our most basic theories (general relativity and quantum mechanics)
to produce a natural scale for length [l], mass [m] and time [t]. Specifically,
Newton’s Gravitational constant (G), the velocity of light (c) and Planck’s quantum
of action (h) can be manipulated to yield the following units with their
approximate values:
The challenges associated with doing physics at the Planck scale, about
twenty powers of 10 smaller than the atom, is easy to appreciate when one
considers the inverse relationship between the size of an object under study ( Δx )
and the energy required to probe it ( E ):
E = !c
Δx
While a smallest size l avoids the problem of requiring arbitrarily high levels of
energy, as Δx → l , E approaches a large amount of energy beyond current
; ; .
132
technology. The goal is then to circumvent this high-energy challenge to allow
probing deep into the Planck scale. The creole model suggests each of these
approaches stand against a background of competition within its scientific
subcultures and the institutional and macro context in which the work is done.
As such, vertical and horizontal practices can interact over time to yield
something genuinely new with a character that emerges from the personal
knowing of individual participant-scientists.
With a viable alternative mechanism in hand, we can side step the false
choice between meaning variance and progress. Simply put, science develops in
ways analogous to how creoles develop. The force of this argument resides in
the underlying determinism that guides new dialect formation. If this thesis is
correct that the analogy holds, then it provides a new research agenda for the
historiography of science. This is taking Galison’s creole metaphor more
seriously than he did by raising it to the status of a model for scientific practice.
Obviously, some key features of science are not at all like creoles. For example,
the science as creole view hides the fact that scientific discourse is always
embedded in a broader system, this is not the case for creoles. While Feynman
diagrams are no use in the grocery store, Haitian is as useful as English in any
pursuit. In fact, this embeddedness of scientific discourse in natural languages is
an essential feature of science. Science as creole also hides the disunity of 
133
science. Unlike the unity displayed by dialects in their support of
communications via mutual accommodation, scientific disciplines are specialpurpose tools. Toulmin offered the image of science as a population of
concepts and theories, where “there are – at most – localized pockets of logical
systematicity”251. In contrast, syntax is much more evenly applied in the case of
natural languages, at least when one focuses on community-level speech. The
Fregean view of concepts, which has cast a long shadow over the IT debate, is
reminiscent of the Parmenidean argument against becoming. If a thing changes
into a different thing, how do we know that it is the same thing that changed
rather the relation between two unrelated things? Meir Buzaglo offers a useful
and very Aristotelian escape: “a concept includes all the stages of its
development”252.
The inquiry on the possibility of revolution as progress in science goes
down a well-beaten path, but one that has not yet touched bottom. The above
contributes to this debate by advancing a new central metaphor, that of
language formation, as a model for the development of science. In this way, the

251 S. Toulmin, Human Understanding, 128.
252 M. Buzaglo, The Logic of Concept Expansion, 73.
134
Incommensurability Thesis is given new life. The necessity for this rehabilitation
is clear: to the extent that rationality is intra-paradigmic and progress interparadigmic, we are potentially left with either an irrational (accidental) progress
or an unchanging rationality (no progress at all). Both options are at odds with
the historical record and analytic considerations. Science as creole moves
beyond positivism versus anti-positivism, all the while preserving gains from
each. It reconciles continuity and discontinuity by rejecting the observer-sided
metaphor of translation focused on vocabularies and approximate discourse.
This chapter presented the notion of science as creole as an alternative to
the view of incommensurability as untranslatability. The deep dive into creole
linguistics suggested the credibility of a mechanism that can account for
observer-level breaks when a continuous process is analyzed with sufficient
distance. 
135
4.0 Implications for Decision-Making
Background
Even if the previous chapters successfully establishes that IT as untranslatability is
bankrupt, requiring the notion of change it promotes to be replaced, and that
science as creole is the suitable replacement, one would need to tell the others.
The Kuhnian language of paradigms, paradigm shifts, and revolutions is the
general possession of wider culture. The challenge this poses to philosophy was
noted by Hacking in a paper written on the occasion of a “Kuhnfest”253. What
philosophers find most controversial about Kuhn is exactly what “most attracts
the casual reader” of Structure254. There are many such readers. By the time of
its fourth edition in 2012, Structure was rumored to have sold over 1.4 million
copies255. The impact of these sales is talk of revolutions due to paradigm shifts

253 In May 1990 a conference was held at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
Kuhn’s honour. Hempel called it a “Kuhnfest”. C.G. Hempel, “Thomas Kuhn, Colleague
and Friend”, 8.
254 I. Hacking, “Working in a New World” in World Changes, 275.
255 Robert Fulford. “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions is Change You Can
Conceive In.” National Post, May 15, 2012. 
136
in business, policy and popular culture. In business, a recent revolution turns
about “big data”256. In seemingly unrelated policy matters, Kuhn is also felt.
Here is how former US vice president Richard B. “Dick” Cheney defended a
controversial policy:
Homeland security is not a temporary measure just to meet one crisis.
Many of the steps we have now been forced to take will become
permanent in American life. They represent an understanding of the
world as it is, and dangers we must guard against perhaps for decades
to come. I think of it as the new normalcy257.

256 Wired Magazine, “A New Paradigm for Computing: Data-Centric Systems”.
December 2014 [accessed September 20, 2015]. Available from:
http://www.wired.com/insights/2014/12/data-centric-systems.
257 Vice President Cheney Delivers Remarks to the Republican Governors Association
made on October 25, 2001 [accessed on October 1, 2015]. Available from:
http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=85601.
137
Lastly, popular culture finds inspiration in Kuhn as well. In May 2015, Facebook
CEO Mark Zuckerberg added Structure to his book club list258. He invited
readers to consider “whether science and technology make consistent forward
progress or whether progress comes in bursts related to other social forces”259.
In the case where even specialists limit their analysis to “the ideas set out
in Structure and in Kuhn’s subsequent writings”260, it may be too much to ask for
non-philosophical references to worry about qualifications. Yet, as hinted above,
sloppy Kuhnian ideas have real world impact. What should be the response of
philosophy? Hacking faced a similar choice in relation to talk of social
construction in the 1990s. He first thought that “the best way to contribute was
to stay silent” but reconsidered and settled on the view that philosophers

258 “A Year of Books” [accessed on October 2, 2015]. Available from:
https://www.facebook.com/ayearofbooks.
259 Mark Zuckerberg Facebook March 17, 2015 [accessed on October 2, 2015]. Available
from: https://www.facebook.com/zuck/posts/10101977184917371.
260 P. Horwich, introduction to Wolrd Changes: Thomas Kuhn and the Nature of Science,
ed. Paul Horwich, 1.
138
“should analyze, not exclude”261. Taking his example, this last chapter adopts
the activist attitude. It considers the real-world impact of Kuhnian
incommensurability on business innovation studies and aims to make an
installment on an actionable philosophy of science that shares concerns
recognizably continuous with such practical concerns.
Kuhn and Business Innovation
Business innovation is not a distinct field in the sense that it does not have
standard textbooks, journals and replicating institutions like training labs that
makes participle physics a discipline. However, since the 1970s the term
‘business innovation’ is gaining in use262. Also, governments have entire
departments focused on the development and implementation of innovation

261 I. Hacking, The Social Construction of What?, vii.
262 Using Google N-Gram Viewer, the use of the term in their corpus of books more that
quadrupled between 1975 and 2008 (the more recent data available) [accessed
September 12, 2015]. Available from: https://books.google.com/ngrams.
139
policy to promote science-based business creation and expansion263. The
arguments for these investments are twofold264. First, public institutions generate
great quantities of research with potential for increased wellbeing and
prosperity. Taxpayers have already paid for the science. Advocates argue that
incremental investments in commercialization would unlock this value. This is the
driving force behind the rise in technology transfer offices and entrepreneurship
programs on campuses265. The second argument for government spending on
innovation is to attract business investment in high-growth sectors. As lower-skill
jobs give way to automation and offshoring, advanced economies are

263 The Province of Ontario has a Ministry of Research and Innovation since 2003 and the
federal government elected in October 2015 created a new Department of Innovation,
Science and Economic Development.
264 I led life sciences commercialization policy and programs for Ontario between 2008
and 2012. I also contributed to the development of the Ontario Innovation Agenda
[accessed September 12, 2015]. Available from: http://www.ontario.ca/document/
ontarios-innovation-agenda.
265 The Engineering Faculty at the University of Toronto launched the Hatchery
entrepreneurship space for its students. I held a 2015 Hatchery Fellowship.
140
challenged to maintain historical employment levels. Traditionally, youth and
immigrants count the most on lower-skilled work to gain work experience and
therefore are the most affected by these trends266. Here, advocates argue for a
combination of investment attraction techniques to showcase their jurisdictions
to international business. Currently, advanced economies are in fierce
competition for employers from the biotech, information technology &
communications, and specialized manufacturing sectors267.
Despite large investments and the consequential problems they aim to
address, there is no consensus on what is meant by business innovation. I define

266 This translates into historically high unemployment for youth (15-24 years old) and
recent immigrants (in Canada 5 years or less). In 2014, these groups exceeded 20%
unemployment. From CANSIM Tables 282-0001 and 282-0105. E-stat ed. Statistics
Canada. 2015. Ottawa, Ont., 2015 [accessed August 7 2015]. Available
from: http://www.statcan.gc.ca/daily-quotidien/150904/dq150904a-cansim-eng.htm.
267 As investment attraction lead for Ontario, I led a team that raised over $400 million in
new investments into the province from global life sciences companies between 2008
and 2012. This success is a small share of what competing jurisdictions like Boston and
San Francisco Bay Area attracted in the same period. 
141
business innovation studies as thinking about practices that aim to foster and
replicate novel ideas with the potential for sustainable above-average returns268. I
locate this thinking at the intersection of technology, entrepreneurship and
ideas. By technology, I mean the consistent search for algorithmic formulations
of problems. Trivially, no business is deemed innovative without a website and
the computerized automation of at least some of its processes. More
substantively, at its core an innovative business has a science-based offering like
a patented drug or computer program. Recent talk of the ‘sharing economy’ is
signaling the rise of a sub-category of innovative businesses that apply webbased social networking solutions to places where none was evident – such as
Uber in the taxi business. Entrepreneurship is the second intersecting area with
the startup as the emerging standard form of organizing an innovative business.
This is true by definition for new entrants but established companies also utilize
the startup model to feed their product pipeline or play in spaces outside of their
historical expertise. For example Janssen Inc., a pharmaceutical division of
global consumer product conglomerate Johnson & Johnson, has a number of

268 The standard definition of above-average returns is returns that exceed what equity
markets return in a given period, adjusted for risk.
142
corporate incubators around the world to simulate the startup environment269.
Peter Thiel, co-founder of the PayPal online payment system with a market
valuation in excess of $US50 billion, recently defined a startup as “the largest
group of people you can convince of a plan to build a different future”270. This
has resonances with tightknit groups of researchers in the sciences. Ideas are the
third intersecting area that contributes to business innovation studies. Of course
technology and entrepreneurship are the subject of active scholarly study. By
ideas is meant the general premises and background assumptions that inform
and delimit talk of business innovation. The Kuhnian approach to scientific
change is such a general premise. In this case, the affinities between business
innovation as breakthrough-driven and scientific development that is punctuated
with revolutions create an opportunity for mutual illumination.
What exactly do business innovation experts do with this thinking at the
intersection of tech, entrepreneurship and ideas? They generally give advice to
policy makers and business. To government, they offer guidance on what makes

269 Johnson & Johnson Innovation [accessed October 3, 2015]. Available from:
http://www.jnjinnovation.com/.
270 P. Thiel, Zero to One, 10.
143
a business climate favourable to novel ideas with commercial potential. A
leading example of this is the consulting work of Michael E. Porter based on his
theory of competitive advantage developed in his book Competitive Advantage.
For business, innovation experts distill best practices for taking novel ideas from
assets for above-average economic returns. A leading example is the work of
Clayton M. Christensen based on his case studies of the differential impact of
“disruptive innovation” (he coined the term271) on established and newer firms.
The key text of Christensen’s practice is his book The Innovator’s Dilemma. In
both the cases of advice to government and to business, the aim is “to build a
bridge between strategy and implementation”272. The key relevance of the
Kuhnian project to the economic and social projects referenced above is the
intellectual grounding that business innovation studies seeks from the
historiography of science.
A recent article by management theorists Sarah Kaplan and Keyvan Vakili
makes a more standard use of Kuhn to apply new computerized techniques to

271 J.L, Bower and C.M. Christensen, Harvard Business Review 73.1 (Jan 1995), 43.
272 M. Porter, Competitive Advantage, 3.
144
discovery of latent topics in interrelated texts273. Their project was to sift through
patents in search of breakthroughs that combined cognitive novelty and
economic value274. As an alternative to the traditional metric of an innovation
(number of patents cited), they fed the patents into a supervised machinelearning algorithm to break down the corpus into topics275. The program
generates a vector for each topic for each patent so patents can be categorized
by their ties (topics in common) and by the strength of these ties (vector weights).
This provides a measure of the semantic proximity of texts without the noise
associated with misattributed or missing citations.
The authors explicitly cite Structure as inspiration for their method based
on the view that “shifts in ideas can be detected in shifts in language”276. They
also rely on Kuhn’s idea that “paradigm shifts are triggered by the accumulation

273 Sarah Kaplan and Keyvan Vakili, “The Double-Edged Sword of Recombination in
Breakthrough Innovation” Strategic Management Journal, 36 (2015): 1435–1457.
274 The sample was 2,826 carbon nanotubes patents filed in the US over 20 years to 2008.
275 The Bayesian algorithm used is the latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA).
276 S. Kaplan and K. Vakili, “The Double-Edged Sword”, 1436.
145
of anomalies”277. Paradigms, shifts in language, and anomalies are each heavily
qualified parts of Kuhn’s legacy, and therefore not the robust parts to build
upon. Kuhn himself abandoned ‘paradigm’ due to its plasticity. However, the
use of this notion by the authors may have had minimal impact on the outcomes
of their study. This is because what counts as a carbon nanotube patent could
only be determined by external factors anyway (the US Patent Office in this case).
As for shifts in language, Kuhn and his interlocutors were agreed that scientific
revolutions, if/when they happened, are not always signaled by a change in terms
but sometimes by a change in their use. On this point, Kaplan and Vakili may
have missed some topic changes in their sample. Thirdly, the hypothesis that
anomalies force change in science has been falsified. On a more general note,
the study draws lessons from observer work about the relationship between
innovative texts to formulate recommendations for participants on how to
generate and recognize innovative ideas. It is hard to see how the first task,
indeed very valuable for the analyst, could provide sufficient guidance for the
entrepreneur. Business innovation scholarship based on the observer-based
approach of IT run the risk of irrelevance to practices business innovation

277 S. Kaplan and K. Vakili, “The Double-Edged Sword”, 1440.
146
theorists want to converse with. This seems to be Feyerabend’s point that
“incommensurability is a difficulty for philosophers, not for scientists“278.
An area of opportunity for mutual illumination between philosophic
discourse on scientific change and business innovation is the irreversibility of the
type of changes being discussed. In the case of science, what the observer
experiences as untranslatability the participant experiences as a fuzzy present
where the may be the subject of some agreement but the future is an open
question. In the context of business innovation, the phenomenon is framed as
the problem of backwards incompatibility. As an example, a recent textbook
characterizes the development of the web programming language XHTML 2.0 as
“a revolutionary change to the language, in the sense that it broke backwardscompatibility”279. Both web developers and Internet users were left frustrated.
For developers, breaking backwards compatibility meant their hard-earned skills
no longer resulted in functional websites and new skills had to be acquired. For
Internet users, the result was the unpleasant experience of websites having a
different appearance and functionality depending on the web browser being

278 P. Feyerabend, Farewell to Reason. 272.
279 B. Lawson and R. Sharp, Introducing HTML 5, xi.
147
used. This is a case where business innovation illuminates science studies. It is
easy to underestimate the cost a change like the establishment of a new
scientific theory like relativity had on individual careers. Of course, the change
did not happen all at once. However, once relativity settled as a part of
fundamental physics, those who grew up under the old system needed to get
supplemental training or be left behind.
Another example of innovation that results in backwards incompatibility is
provided by Christensen case study of developments in computer removable
storage technology280. While the 5.25-inch ‘floppy’ disk was still improving its
performance (by reducing its cost per megabyte), the competing 3.5-inch dish
emerged with less storage at a higher cost281. There are a number of interesting
historical details that with potential analogues in the development of mechanics
from Newton to Einstein. Seagate Technology started selling 5.25-inch disks in
1980. Conner Peripherals, a spinoff of Seagate, started shipping the competing
3.5-inch format in 1987. The following year, Seagate shipped its own 3.5-inch
disks but its customers were not interested. In the meantime, Conner entered

280 C.M. Christensen, The Innovator’s Dilemma, 20-23.
281 C.M. Christensen, The Innovator’s Dilemma, 22.
148
into a partnership with laptop maker Compaq and directly targeted the
emerging portable computer market. These customers appreciated the smaller
format and greater robustness of the 3.5-inch disk and paid the premium. By
1991, the market for 3.5-inch disks had grown to $US750 million with Seagate
virtually shut out.
Christensen does not bring out this point but it is clear from his reporting
that, in 1988 for example, Seagate and Conner were not competing since they
did not target the same customers. Although Conner started with the smaller
customer base, it had the faster rising segment. When the performance of the
3.5-inch disk caught up to that of the 5.25-inch disk, and the portable segment
grew in size, then the companies competed resulting in a winner and a loser.
This is analogous to the situation of the work of German Maxwellians who
worked on the electrodynamics of moving bodies for years before Einstein’s
formulation of the problem eventually attracted enough attention to bring
Einstein into the center of discussions. 
149
Christensen introduces the sustaining/disruptive innovation distinction to
explain the dynamics at play282. These have the same role in his framework as the
normal/revolutionary distinction under Kuhn’s model. Sustainable innovation
follows well-established performance improvement trajectories whereas
disruptive innovations initially target a different problem and only in time
intersect the performance trajectory established by the incumbent technology.
On the disks example, in 1987, 5.25-inch disks were undergoing sustaining
innovation with a predictable trajectory of yearly decrease in cost per megabyte.
That year, the 3.5-inch disk was a disruptive innovation, only of interest to an
emerging but marginal market. Only when the performance of the disk formats
converged did the segments also merge, setting the stage for the head-on
competition that resulted in the demise of the 5.25-inch parent.
There is a key disanalogy between the way philosophers study science
and the relationship between business innovation studies and its object. Since
John Locke described himself as “employed as an under-labourer in clearing the
ground a little, and removing some of the rubbish that lies in the way to

282 C.M. Christensen, The Innovator’s Dilemma, 10-25.
150
knowledge”283, it has been out of fashion for philosophy to presume to guide
science. Of course, there are scientist-philosophers like Poincaré, Einstein and
Bohr but members of philosophy department are generally not invited to
scientific research discussions. The case for business innovation studies is
different. Scholars like Michael Porter regularly act as consultants with the aim to
influence and guide practice284. However, this chapter is an installment on closer
engagement between philosophers and social scientists and decision-makers
that base ground their practice in ideas.
Science as Creole and Business Innovation
How does science as creole point the way for business innovation? First, it
disaggregates and provides a framework to reconcile internal and external
sources of change. A study of innovation in carbon nanotube application must
consider more than filed patents to be able to provide advice to participants in
the business of innovation. Science as creole also encourages the higher
resolution analysis required to model, for example, the genesis of Haitian or the

283 J. Locke, An Essay Concerning Human Understanding, ix.
284 M. Porter, “Canadian Competitiveness: Nine Years After the Crossroads” [accessed
August 12, 2015]. Available from: http://www.csls.ca/events/jan2000/Martin.pdf
151
emergence of a theory like relativity. Business innovation needs to reconcile the
contributions of individual innovators with firm-level and industry-level
considerations to develop insights to support innovation development.
On the other hand, philosophy has much to gain from the innovation
studies. Traditionally, philosophers require the history of science as input to their
work. While some degree of remove is unavoidable in observer-based
philosophical work, science as creole proposes historical and socio-linguistics
tools that allows for more intimate exposure to participant scientists.
The topic modeling demonstration provided by Kaplan and Vakili also has
great potential for philosophy. The application of algorithms to large amounts of
texts would be a new source of data for philosophical thinking about science. 
152
Conclusion
When looked at closely, the thesis that successive theories cannot be
translated into each other misses the point. Of course, snapshots of science
separated in time fail point-by-point comparison due to the incompatibility of
core terms. The dissertation showed this is because snapshots are arbitrarily
chosen to exaggerate differences. Consider how Maxwell so rarely features in
discussions of the relationship between Newton and Einstein. If he did, the
incommensurability between the endpoints would not be so clear. Special
relativity is a less revolutionary step against the background of Maxwell than
against that of Newton. This is why the literature is replete with speculations
about the extent to which Henry Poincaré and others may have anticipated
Einstein. It is also significant that Einstein’s famous 1905 relativity paper was not
engaging with Newton or even Maxwell but with Hendrik A. Lorentz’s theory of a
few years earlier. The case is similar for the paradigm case of a scientific
revolution: the transition in astronomy from Ptolemy to Copernicus. The new
astronomy did not pose the problem of the planets nor did it have a monopoly
on such a key feature as a sun-centeredness of our planetary neighbourhood.
Even the quintessentially traditional commitment to uniform circular motion is
continuous between alleged radically different astronomies. Again, Copernicus 
153
was engaged with contemporaries and not directly with long-dead scholars.
Such theory pairs as mechanics and relativity or Ptolemaic and Copernican
astronomies only fail full translation because they are placed wide apart. This is
similar to comparing Chaucer’s English and current speech. If the objective is to
understand how language changes through use, we must start with the
observation of an unbroken chain of custody of speakers. Whatever else can be
said about speech practices separated by six centuries, it is clear that it is English
that Chaucer and we are in possession of. Zooming in to snapshots closer in
time, the language is much more continuous and leaves fewer opportunities for
communication breakdown. Similarly, when snapshots of science are taken
closer and closer together, IT dissolves.
The kind of change in science discussed until this point has to do with
variances in the meaning in core terms over time. There is a second type of
change associated with conceptual diversity at a point in time. Throughout the
dissertation, the first was referred to as flux and the second as fuzziness. The
uses and limitations of IT become clearer when the distinction between flux and
fuzziness is superimposed on the distinction between observer and participant
perspectives. When observers look back at science and consider successive
theories sufficiently separated in time, the two fully formed alternatives cannot
be fully translated into the language of the other. IT accounts for such cases. Of 
154
course, they can be approximated as French and English always can but the
comparison makes it clear that different languages are at play. On any given day,
the scientific community is not engaged in grand conversions but concerned with
mutual accommodation of individual beliefs and practices.
Science as creole provides a new understanding of the development of
science. It rejects the traditional choice between positivism versus antipositivism. Rather than forcing a choice between fundamental continuity or
fundamental discontinuity, creoles provide shows how a continuous practice can
result in breaks over time. Like scientists, speakers of a community never face
unintelligibility. Creoles are the mechanism that reconciles the dialectic of
continuity and discontinuity that alone can fuel progress.
The dissertation ends with considerations for engagement between philosophy
of science and decision-making practices that depend on its findings for their
intellectual grounding. Business innovation studies liberally borrowed from the
Kuhnian vocabulary on scientific change and revolution. Regrettably, the
borrowings have not kept pace with the state of thinking in the core fields of the
history and philosophy of science. It is my hope this is dissertation is an
installment on a more actionable philosophy that helps ground real-world
decision-making in a more correct understanding of science.
155
Bibliography
Albert, David Z., Time and Chance. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press,
2000.
Aitchison, Jean, Language Change: Progress or Decay? New York, NY:
Cambridge University Press, 2001.
Baigrie, Brian S., “Philosophy of Science as Normative Sociology”.
Metaphilosophy Vol. 19 Nos. 3 & 4 July/October 1998: 237-252.
Baigrie, Brian S., "Why Evolutionary Epistemology is an Endangered
Theory" Social Epistemology 2 1988: 357-369.
Beller, Mara, Quantum Dialogue: The Making of a Revolution. Chicago: The
University of Chicago Press, 1999.
Bird, Alexander, “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions and its Significance: An
Essay Review of the Fiftieth Anniversary Edition,” British Journal for the
Philosophy of Science 63 (2012): 859-883.
Bird, Alexander, Thomas Kuhn. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2000.
Boghossian, Paul A. and Velleman, J. David, “Colour as A Secondary Quality”.
Mind, New Series, Vol. 98, No. 389 (Jan., 1989), 81-103.
Boltzmann, Ludwig, “Über die Entwickelung der Methoden der theoretishchen
Physik in neuerer Zeit” in Populäre Schriften.
Brown, James Robert, “Review of Thomas Kuhn by Alexander Bird”. British
Journal for the Philosophy of Science 53 (2002): 143-149.
156
Buzaglo, Meir, The Logic of Concept Expansion. Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 2007.
Byrne, Dara N., and Jean-Jacques Rousseau. “The ‘Defining’ Problem of Black
Authenticity in Canada: Real Slang and the Grammar of Cultural
Hybridity.” In Authentic Blackness/ “Real” Blackness: Essays on the
Meaning of Blackness in Literature and Culture, edited by Martin Japtok
and JerryRafiki Jenkins, 53-65. New York, NY: Peter Lang Publishing, 2011.
Calvet, Louis-Jean, Towards an Ecology of World Languages. Malden, MA: Polity
Press, 2006.
Campbell, Lyle, Historical Linguistics: An Introduction. Cambridge, MA: The MIT
Press, 1999.
Chambers, J.K., and Trudgill, Peter, Dialectology. Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1998.
Chaudenson, Robert, Creolization of Language and Culture. Revised in
collaboration with Salikoko S. Mufwene. Translated by Sheri Pargman,
Salikoko S. Mufwene, Sabrina Billings and Michelle AuCoin. New York, NY:
Routledge, 2001.
Chang, Hasok. “Is Water H20? Evidence, Realism and Pluralism.” Boston Studies
in the Philosophy of Science 293 (2014).
Christensen, Clayton M., The Innovator’s Dilemma. Toronto, Ontario: Harper
Business, 2011.
157
Christensen, Clayton M. and Raynor, Michael E., The Innovator’s Solution:
Creating and Sustaining Successful Growth. Boston, MA: Harvard Business
School Review Press, 2003.
Cohen, I. Bernard, Revolution in Science. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University
Press, 1985.
Collingwood, R.G., The Idea of Nature. New York: Oxford University Press, 1960.
Demir, Ipek, “Incommensurabilities in the work of Thomas Kuhn” Studies in
History and Philosophy of Science 39 (2008): 133–142.
Dilworth, Craig. “The Metaphysics of Science: An Account of Modern Science in
Terms of Principles, Laws and Theories.” Boston Studies in the Philosophy
of Science 173 (1996).
Darrigol, Olivier, Electrodynamics from Ampère to Einstein. New York: Oxford
University Press, 2000.
Dawid, Richard, “Theory Assessment and Final Theory Claims in String Theory”.
Foundations of Physics (2013) 81-100.
DeGraff, Michel,“Relexification: A Reevaluation”. Anthropological Linguistics,
Vol. 44, No. 4 (Winter, 2002), 321-414.
Feyerabend, Paul K., Against Method. New York: Verso, 1993.
Feyerabend, Paul K., Realism, Rationalism & Scientific Method. New York:
Cambridge University Press, 1995.
Feyerabend, Paul K., Farewell to Reason. New York: Verso, 1999.
158
Fleck, Ludwik, Genesis and Development of a Scientific Fact, ed. Merton, Robert
K. and Trenn, Thaddeus. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1981.
Friedman, Michael, Dynamics of Reason, Stanford, CA: CSLI Publications, 2001
Fulford, Robert. “The Structure of Scientific Revolutions is Change You Can
Conceive In.” National Post, May 15, 2012.
Fuller, Steve, Thomas Kuhn: A Philosophical History for Our Times. Chicago: The
University of Chicago Press, 2000.
Galison, Peter, Image & Logic: A Material Culture of Microphysics. Chicago: The
University of Chicago Press, 1997.
Galison, Peter, How Experiments End. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press,
1987.
Galison, Peter. “Kuhn and the Quantum Controversy”. The British Journal for the
Philosophy of Science, 1981 32(1), 71-85.
Hacking, Ian, The Social Construction of What?. Cambridge, MA: Harvard
University Press, 1999.
Hacking, Ian, Why Does Language Matter to Philosophy. Cambridge, UK:
Cambridge University Press, 1997.
Hacking, Ian, Representing and Intervening: Introductory Topics In the
Philosophy of Natural Science. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University
Press, 1983.
Hacking, Ian, ed., Scientific Revolutions. New York: Oxford University Press, 1981.
159
Hattiangadi, Jagdish H., “Alternatives and Incommensurables: The Case of
Darwin and Kelvin”, Philosophy of Science, Volume 38, no. 4 (December
1971), 502-507.
M. Heffley, Northern Sun, Southern Moon: Europe’s Reinvention of Jazz. New
Have, CT: Yale University Press, 2005.
Hollis, Martin, and Lukes, Steven, ed., Rationality and Relativism. Cambridge,
MA: The MIT Press, 1997.
Horwich, Paul, ed. World Changes: Thomas Kuhn and the Nature of Science.
Pittsburgh, PA: University of Pittsburgh Press, 2010.
Hoyningen-Huene, Paul, "More letters by Paul Feyerabend to Thomas S. Kuhn
on Proto Structure," Studies in History and Philosophy of Science 37,
(2006): 610-632.
“Incommensurability and Related Matters.” Edited by Paul Hoyningen-Huene
and Howard Sankey. Boston Studies in the Philosophy of Science 216
(2001).
Hoyningen-Huene, Paul, Reconstructing Scientific Revolution: Thomas S. Kuhn’s
Philosophy of Science. Translated by Alexander T. Levine. Chicago, IL: The
University of Chicago Press, 1993.
Kouwenberg, Sylvia, “Review of Creole Genesis and the Acquisition of Grammar:
The Case of Haitian Creole by Claire Lefebvre” Revue québécoise de
linguistique, vol. 28, n° 2, 2000, 129-136.
160
Kragh, Helge, Quantum Generations: A History of Physics in The Twentieth
Century. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1999.
Krantz, David H., “Fundamental Measurement of Force and Newton’s First and
Second Laws of Motion”. Philosophy of Science, Vol. 40, No. 4 (Dec 1973):
481-495.
Kuhn, Thomas S., The Copernican Revolution: Planetary Astronomy in the
Development of Western Thought. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University
Press, [1957] 2002.
Kuhn, Thomas S., Black-Body Theory and the Quantum Discontinuity, 1894-1912.
Chicago & London: The University of Chicago Press, [1978] 1987.
Kuhn, Thomas S., The Structure of Scientific Revolutions. Chicago: The University
of Chicago Press, 2012.
Kuhn, Thomas S., The Structure of Scientific Revolutions. Chicago: The University
of Chicago Press, 1996.
Kuhn, Thomas S., The Road Since Structure. Chicago: The University of Chicago
Press, 2000.
Lakoff, George, and Johnson Mark, Metaphors We Live By. Chicago: The
University of Chicago Press, 1981.
Lawson, Bruce and Remy Sharp. Introducing HTML 5. Berkley, CA: New Riders,
2012.
Lutz, Angelika, “Celtic Influence on Old English and West Germanic”, English
Language and Linguistics 13.2, 227-249.
161
Madden, E.H., “The Philosophy of Science in Gestalt Theory,” Philosophy of
Science 19, No. 3 (July 1952): 228-238.
Madden, E.H., “Science, Philosophy and Gestalt Theory,” Philosophy of Science
20, No. 4 (October, 1953): 329-331.
Metzger, Bruce M., The Bible in Translation: Ancient and English Versions. Grand
Rapids, MI: Baker Academic, 2001.
Mufwene, Salikoko S., The Ecology of Language Evolution. Cambridge:
Cambridge University Press, 2001.
Nersessian, Nancy J., Creating Scientific Concepts. Cambridge, MA:
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 2008.
Norton, John, “The Logical Inconsistency of the Old Quantum Theory of Black
Body Radiation”, Philosophy of Science, Vol. 54, No. 3 (Sep., 1987), 327-
350.
Oberheim, Eric, “On the Historical Origins of the Contemporary Notion of
Incommensurability: Paul Feyerabend’s Assault on Conceptual
Conservativism,” Studies in the History and Philosophy of Science 36
(2005): 363–390.
Porter, Michael. Competitive Advantage: Creating and Sustaining Superior
Performance. New York, NY: Free Press, 2004.
Trevor J. Pinch, “Paradise Lost, A Review Symposium”, Isis, Vol. 70, No. 3 (Sep.,
1979), 429-440.
162
Polanyi, Michael. Personal Knowledge: Towards a Post-Critical Philosophy.
Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1962.
Popper, Karl R., The Myth of the Framework: In defence of science and
rationality, ed. M.A. Notturno. New York: Routledge, 1997.
Putnam, Hilary, Reason, Truth and History. New York: Cambridge University
Press, 1981.
Renzi, Barbara Gabriella, “Kuhn’s Evolutionary Epistemology and Its Being
Undermined by Inadequate Biological Concepts” Philosophy of Science,
Vol. 76, No. 2 (April 2009): 143-159.
Rescher, Nicholas, Epistemetrics. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2006.
Rescher, Nicholas, “Mr. Madden on Gestalt Theory,” Philosophy of Science 20,
No. 4 (October, 1953): 327-328.
Ritson, Sophie and Camilleri, Kristian “Contested Boundaries: The String Theory
Debates and Ideologies of Science”, Perspectives on Science, Volume 23,
Number 2, Summer 2015,192-227.
Saari, Donald G., “The Mathematical Complexity of simple Economics”, Notices
of the American mathematical Society 42 (1995): 222-30.
Sankey, Howard, “Scientific realism and the semantic incommensurability thesis”,
Studies in History and Philosophy of Science 40 (2009), 196-202.
Siegel, Daniel M., Innovation in Maxwell’s Electromagnetic Theory. Cambridge:
Cambridge University Press, 1991.
163
Sklar, Lawrence, Philosophy and the Foundations of Dynamics. New York:
Cambridge University Press, 2013.
Smolin, Lee, The Trouble with Physics: The Rise of String Theory, the Fall of a
Science, and What Comes Next. New York: Houghton Mifflin Company,
2006.
Staley, Richard, Einstein’s Generation: The Origins of the Relativity Revolution.
Chicago, IL: The University of Chicago Press, 2008.
Thiel, Peter and Blake Masters. Zero to One: Notes on Startups, Or How to Build
the Future. New York, NY: Crown Business Books, 2014.
Toulmin, Stephen, Human Understanding. London: Oxford University Press,
1972.
Van Orman Quine, Willard, Word & Object. Cambridge, MA: The Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, 1997.
Wallerstein, Immanuel. The Modern World-System III: The Second Era of Great
Expansion of the Capitalist World-Economy, 1730s – 1840s. Berkley, CA:
University of California Press, 2011.
Wittgenstein, Ludwig, Philosophical Investigations. Malden, MA: Blackwell
Publishers, 2001.
Wray, K. Brad, “The Future of The Structure of Scientific Revolutions” in Topoi
(2013) 32: 75-79.
